Source file: BNP-Investment+Outlook+2026_EN.pdf
Source path: outlooks/BNP-Investment+Outlook+2026_EN.pdf
Type: pdf
Extraction method: pypdf-layout
Extracted at UTC: 2026-03-17T21:45:55.371634+00:00
Page count: 42

---

## Page 1

Marketing communication - For professional investors
THE SHIFTING
INVESTMENT
LANDSCAPE

 THE INVESTMENT OUTLOOK FOR 2026

## Page 2

INVESTMENT OUTLOOK FOR 2026 - 2 -

 TABLE OF CONTENTS

 Letter to investors 4
 Executive summary 6

 MACROECONOMICS & MARKETS
 Macroeconomic outlook: Surprisingly resilient 8
 Market outlook
 Fixed income: Monetary policy should bolster markets 11
 Global equities: The great divide 14

 FIXED INCOME
 Why flexibility will be key for fixed income investors in 2026 18

 PRIVATE ASSETS
 Alternative credit outlook: Stability amid global shifts 23
 Real assets outlook: Widening investment opportunities 26

 SUSTAINABILITY
 Sustainable investing in 2026: The continuing path to a more resilient future 28

 EQUITIES
 US equities 33
 Artificial intelligence: Not a bubble…yet 33
 European equities
 European strategic autonomy: A long-term investment opportunity 37

 This paper has been produced for ease of reading on a screen, please do not print unless absolutely
 necessary. If you have any feedback on this document, please do not hesitate to share it with us at:
 am.investmentinsights@bnpparibas.com

## Page 3

INVESTMENT OUTLOOK FOR 2026 - 3 - - 3 -

 THE AUTHORS

 SANDRO PIERRI
 Chief Executive Officer

 RICHARD BARWELL CHRIS IGGO DANIEL MORRIS
 Head of Macroeconomic Research Chief Investment Officer, Chief Market Strategist
 and Investment Strateg y Core Investments, AXA IM

 JAMES MCALEVEY BOUTAINA DEIXONNE MICHAEL GRAHAM JACK STEPHENSON
 Head of Global Aggregate Head of Euro Investment Grade Head of US High Yield, US Fixed Income
 and Absolute Return and High Yield Credit, AXA IM AXA IM Investment Specialist, AXA IM

 CHRISTOPHE FRITSCH JUSTIN CURLOW JANE AMBACHTSHEER JANE WADIA
 Global Head of Global Head of Global Head Head of Sustainability,
 Alternative Credit, AXA IM Research & Strateg y of Sustainability Core Products & Clients,
 Real Assets, AXA IM AXA IM

 PAMELA HEGARTY DEREK GLYNN
 Senior Portfolio Manager, Portfolio Manager
 ESG Champion

 LAZARE HOUNHOUAYENOU MATHIEU JOURDE SEBASTIEN TALDIR
 Lead Portfolio Manager Portfolio Manager Solutions Investment Specialist,
 Dedicated Equities and Dedicated Equities Dedicated Equities

## Page 4

- 4 -

 SANDRO PIERRI
 Chief Executive Officer, BNP Paribas A sset Management, AXA IM

Letter to investors

The coming year marks the beginning of a new chapter for BNP Paribas Asset
Management.

By combining the expertise of BNP Paribas Asset Management with AXA Investment
Managers and BNP Paribas Real Estate Investment Management, we will have created
one of Europe’s leading asset managers. It will be an organisation with breadth,
expertise, and the ambition to serve our clients across every asset class and at every
stage of their investment journey.

With total assets-under-management (AuM) of €1.6trn as at 30 September 2025, we
are a European leader in long-term savings with €850bn of AuM – as well as Europe’s
number one alternatives asset manager, with AuM of €300bn.

Together, this gives us a vital and powerful differentiating factor, offering significant
growth potential, underpinned by our highly skilled and renowned teams.

This merger brings together complementary strengths: deep investment capabilities, a
strong track record across liquid and alternative strategies, and a shared commitment
to delivering sustainable value. It expands our reach and sharpens our focus, positioning
us to meet client needs with greater agility, expertise and insight.

New challenges, new opportunities

The environment in which we begin this new chapter is complex and fast-moving.
Familiar debates on growth, inflation, and monetary policy remain central, yet other
drivers of change are exerting influence on the investment landscape.

Four themes stand out as having the potential to shape the decade ahead: geopolitics,
innovation, demographics, and environment. Strategic competition and industrial
policy are redesigning the world of global trade and supply chains.

Declining birthrates in developed countries and China are coming to the fore and
highlighting the retirement systems’ funding gaps. In addition, the rapid adoption of
artificial intelligence is transforming productivity, investment, and energy use.

## Page 5

- 5 -

Longer-term sustainability themes – climate change, biodiversity loss, and rising
inequality – will continue to redefine risk in capital markets, placing long-term
investment resilience under scrutiny.

Our commitment to meeting both societal and sustainability challenges is unwavering
– be it in the transition to cleaner energy or the management of natural resources and
social capital. These issues will redefine how economies grow and where investors
find opportunity.

Looking to the future

For investors, these shifts bring both disruption and potential. Distinguishing what
will endure from what will fade requires depth of analysis, active judgment, and the
courage to think ahead of the consensus.

Our investment teams have remained focused on that mission. Throughout the
integration process, they have continued to do what they do best: translate complex
global trends into conviction-led views designed to deliver sustainable, long-term
investment performance for our clients.

Our Investment Outlook 2026 captures that perspective. It explores how these global
forces are reshaping markets, and where new sources of value – and risk – may
emerge. Our goal is not only to interpret change, but to help investors navigate it
with clarity, resilience, and purpose.

As we look to the year ahead, we do so with renewed scale, broader expertise, and a
single ambition – to turn insights into sustainable performance for those who place
their trust in us.

## Page 6

- 6 -

Executive summary

A resilient global economy

The global economy enters 2026 with surprising resilience. Growth forecasts have
been revised upward – the International Monetary Fund now projects 3.2% global
expansion in 2025, buoyed by a rebound in activity, despite ongoing trade frictions.
Across regions, the outlook is marked by diverging paths. Europe is regaining
momentum; reduced policy uncertainty and a major fiscal reset in Germany are set
to accelerate growth, supported by increased infrastructure and defence spending.

The US is navigating policy crosscurrents – it faces a complex macroeconomic
environment shaped by new policy directions, including tariffs and a looser fiscal
stance. These are likely to fan inflationary pressures that will not necessarily be
countered by the Federal Reserve, which is now more focused on labour market risks.

In Asia, China’s growth is expected to moderate further, with authorities relying
on targeted stimulus and investment in advanced manufacturing rather than
consumption.

Market outlook: Opportunities and risks in transition
Asset allocation in 2026 will be shaped by the interplay of monetary policy, fiscal
dynamics, and evolving market structures.

Fixed income markets are poised to benefit from continued central bank easing, with
lower interest rates anticipated in both the US and Europe.

While sovereign debt yields may face upward pressure from fiscal concerns,
especially in advanced economies, the overall environment remains supportive for
credit markets, with their attractive yields and solid corporate fundamentals.
Equity markets continue to be technology driven, with US technology company
earnings expected to grow robustly as artificial intelligence (AI) fuels capital
expenditure and productivity gains.

## Page 7

- 7 -

European equities offer compelling value, particularly as the region pursues greater
strategic autonomy, potentially offering a broadening set of opportunities for forward-
looking investors.

In emerging markets, nations with strong technology sectors stand to benefit from
lower US yields and a weaker dollar, though export-oriented economies may face
headwinds.

Investment themes: Flexibility, sustainability, and structural change
Key themes for 2026 include the need for flexibility in fixed income strategies, as
investors navigate economic growth challenges and an uncertain inflation outlook.
We believe opportunities exist across defensive sectors, real estate, and high yield,
but a nimble approach is required.

Private assets, particularly alternative credit and real assets, continue to attract
capital, supported by resilient fundamentals and policy tailwinds, though selectivity
and rigorous credit analysis are increasingly important.

Sustainability remains a central focus – as regulatory frameworks evolve, European
and Asian investors are leading the charge on green bonds, decarbonisation, and
climate solutions, even as political headwinds emerge in some regions.
AI’s transformative potential persists, with robust fundamentals supporting
valuations and innovation driving new opportunities across sectors, while in Europe,
the commitment to strategic autonomy signals a long-term trend toward greater
resilience and diversification.

Ultimately, in 2026, flexibility and selectivity will be essential for investors as markets
adapt to greater fragmentation across the global economy.

## Page 8

- 8 -
 MACROECONOMIC OUTLOOK

 RICHARD BARWELL
 Head of Macroeconomic Research and Investment Strateg y,
 BNP Paribas Asset Management
Surprisingly resilient

The global economy has proved surprisingly resilient in 2025. In the immediate
aftermath of Liberation Day, the IMF forecast that the global economy would grow
by 2.8% in 2025. It now expects global growth of 3.2% this year.1

The bellwether of economic activity that the market typically relies upon to gauge
the current cyclical position of the economy – Purchasing Managers’ Indices (PMI) –
points to a recovery in activity that began in early summer and has persisted beyond
what could plausibly be attributed to a temporary burst of activity as companies
tried to bring forward production and trade to avoid the tariffs. So, we move into
2026 with markets in a much more positive frame of mind about the growth outlook
than was the case at the start of April.

The Eurozone economy is likely to accelerate in 2026. The headwind to growth from
increased uncertainty over trade policy should fade. Companies are likely to have put
capital expenditure on pause back in the spring, but now that there is greater clarity
over future trading arrangements, investment should recover. Meanwhile, a new
tailwind from fiscal policy should emerge, lifting growth.

1. IMF – Global Economic Outlook Shows Modest Change Amid Policy Shifts and Complex Forces

## Page 9

- 9 -

The structural shift in the fiscal stance in Germany is the single most important
piece of macroeconomic news in Europe this year. The increase in spending on
infrastructure and defence should filter through into higher activity in 2026, lifting
the German economy and to some extent the rest of the Eurozone too. The fiscal
reset also includes other measures, like a permanently lower VAT rate on restaurant
bills and subsidies on energy bills, which might have a more immediate impact on
consumer spending.

But when it comes to prices, we see scope for further disinflation over the next couple
of years, where rising global trade frictions could potentially play a meaningful role.
The recycling of cheap Chinese exports into European markets could represent a new
disinflationary impulse that we suspect has been largely ignored by the consensus.
We expect inflation to fall below target in 2027, which will prompt the European
Central Bank to deliver a couple more interest rate cuts by the end of 2026 – more
than is currently factored into market pricing.

 “Expect the Fed to cut US rates
 further over the next few years than
 the market currently anticipates”

US President Donald Trump’s policy agenda dominates the US macroeconomic
outlook. There is room for debate about the quantitative impact of each strand of that
policy agenda, but we believe the direction of travel is clear. An increase in tariffs, a
looser fiscal stance and tighter immigration policy are all likely to add to inflationary
pressure in the economy, even if the net impact on activity is less clear-cut. The
Federal Reserve (Fed) is currently talking about a one-off increase in the price level
(or what used to be known as transitory inflation), but we believe that inflation is
likely to remain persistently above target over the next couple of years.

More importantly, we believe the Fed’s reaction function is evolving. Going forward,
we expect the Fed to place more weight on outcomes in the labour market and
correspondingly less weight on inflation data. In our view, this shift will lead the Fed
to cut a little further over the next couple of years than the market currently expects,
against a backdrop of financial conditions that are already easy by historical experience.

## Page 10

- 10 -

We expect China’s pace of economic growth to slow over the coming years, to below
4% by the end of 2027, even with the benefit of additional policy stimulus. We do not
expect a bazooka package from the authorities, but we do anticipate front-loading
of bond issuance quotas, further policy rate cuts – 10 basis points (bp) per quarter
from the fourth quarter (Q4) of 2025 to Q2 2026 – and additional targeted support
for strategic sectors.

The reality is that China cannot rely on net exports and property investment to
sustain growth at the pace required to meet President Xi Jinping’s target of doubling
per capita GDP between 2020 and 2035. We do not share the confidence of most
China-watchers that consumption will pick up the slack. Instead, we think officials
will continue to rely on an investment-heavy growth strategy, focused on the “new
productive forces”, namely advanced manufacturing and technology.

To conclude, the story for 2026 varies from place to place. In Europe, having weathered
the storm, the economy looks set to regather momentum. In the United States, there
is genuine uncertainty about how the Fed will navigate the economic crosscurrents
and political backdrop under new leadership. And in China, the focus will remain
on medium-term growth prospects and the extent of any rebalancing away from
investment-driven growth.

 “Expect Europe to regain momentum,
 the US to face uncertainty,
 and China to focus on medium-term growth”

## Page 11

- 11 -
 MARKET OUTLOOK

 CHRIS IGGO
 Chief Investment Officer, Core Investments,
 AXA IM

Fixed income: Monetary policy should bolster markets

• Bond markets should potentially enjoy solid central bank support in 2026
• Sovereign markets will remain at risk of increased investor concern on the
 fiscal side
• High yield and emerging market bonds continue to be interesting from
 a total return perspective

Fixed income markets should benefit from continued central bank easing in 2026.
We expect lower interest rates in the US as policymakers respond to weaker labour
market trends, and lower rates in Europe because of further declines in inflation. A
resilient global economy and policy measures should keep fiscal concerns in check,
allowing yields across the curve to reflect the growth and inflation outlook. The core
scenario is positive for credit markets notwithstanding tight credit spreads and signs
of increased leverage.

Central bank policy, as always, remains key to the bond market outlook in 2026. Major
central banks are forecast to take short-term interest rates to or below estimated
neutral levels in response to growth risks and falling inflation expectations. The
International Monetary Fund’s recent growth forecasts were better than those made
earlier in 2025 but still suggest advanced economies will struggle to meet long-term
average growth rates in the years ahead.

## Page 12

- 12 -

That implies a more supportive stance from central banks as long as inflation remains
close to targets. For 2026, this suggests substantial reductions in US interest rates
to below 3%. Additional US Treasury market yield curve steepening is likely to result.
However, demand for yield remains strong, not least from the US insurance sector
which has become a significant source of structural demand. Long-term yields are
unlikely to significantly deviate from the trading range established in 2025.

Europe’s potential
The European Central Bank lowered its deposit rate to 2.0% in June 20251. Further
cuts are possible should inflation undershoot the official target. This limits the
potential for higher yields in European government bonds. However, once Germany’s
ambitious spending programme gets underway there will be more supply of debt
in the Eurozone’s biggest bond market, which could pressure markets at times. A
steeper rate curve in the Eurozone is likely.

Outside of the bloc, the UK offers potential for attractive returns as markets only
expect limited Bank of England easing. Lower inflation and tighter fiscal policy should
drive UK gilt yields lower in 2026.

Despite this benign rate outlook, sovereign markets will remain at risk of increased
investor concern on the fiscal side. The last year has seen government bond yields
rise relative to equivalent maturity interest rate swap rates – a sign of increased risk
premiums. Despite rate cuts, long-term yields have moved higher than their end-
2024 levels.

The long-term trend for government debt levels is not encouraging in advanced
economies, posing further scope for risk premiums to rise. However, the benign
outlook for nominal growth and government attempts to take policy steps to appease
bond market investors should limit any cases of ‘fiscal panic’. Steeper yield curves
will at least offer investors potentially higher carry-driven returns in longer-duration
strategies than has been the case for a while.

Credit bounce
Credit market activity has remained buoyant in 2025 with credit spreads narrowing
over the course of the year despite elevated levels of issuance. Excess returns have
been positive and underlying corporate fundamentals remain solid. Looking forward
what will determine credit market performance is whether investors continue to value
diversified exposure to corporate risk more highly than balance sheet-challenged
sovereign debt. In which case, prevailing yields in credit markets are attractive and
should deliver attractive income-driven total returns.

1. European Central Bank, Key ECB interest rates, November 2025

## Page 13

- 13 -

However, from a credit spread point of view, current valuations are tight, and the
key risk is credit markets will experience periods of underperformance relative to
government bonds. Catalysts for this are weaker economic data, equity market
volatility or evidence of growing credit stresses in either private or public markets.

Geographically, US markets are most at risk from any deviation from the benign
core scenario. Tariffs and the impact of immigration controls on labour supply could
combine to keep inflation higher for longer. This not only complicates the Federal
Reserve’s decision-making but also reduces expected real returns from US fixed
income. It could also negatively impact the dollar. Any sense of increased politicisation
of monetary policy (fiscal dominance) will tend to increase inflation expectations,
steepening the US yield curve further and underpinning inflation break-even levels.
If growth also turns out to be weaker, investors could also focus on the US fiscal
outlook, again widening spreads in the US rates and credit markets.

In the absence of a growth or credit shock, carry will be a major theme for bond
investors, delivering most of the total return. As such, high yield and emerging
market bonds continue to be interesting from a total return perspective. Again,
after a robust performance in 2025, investors need to be mindful of valuations but
improved credit quality in high yield and better macroeconomic performance in
emerging markets are positives for those markets. Significant drawdowns in fixed
income markets tend to only occur in response to a growth or credit shock. Neither
is in our core scenario for 2026 which means investors should be able to benefit
from solid bond income returns.

Exhibit 1: Income returns from bonds for selected fixed income indices

 5 .5 0
 5 .0 0
 4 .5 0
 4 .0 0
 3 .5 0
 3 .0 0
 2 .5 0
 2 .0 0
 1 .5 0
 1 .0 0
 s e p t - 2 1 mar- 2 2 s e p t - 2 2 m a r - 2 3 s e p t - 2 3 m a r - 2 4 s e p t - 2 4 m a r - 2 5 s e p t - 2 5
 Euro Investment Grade (EUR) Euro High Yield (EUR) Global Credit (USD)

Data as at 30 September 2025. Source: ICE Bond Indices; Bloomberg

## Page 14

- 14 -
 MARKET OUTLOOK

 DANIEL MORRIS
 Chief Market Strategist,
 BNP Paribas Asset Management
Global equities: The great divide

• We believe technology company earnings can continue to appreciate in 2026
 as AI drives ongoing capital expenditure
• Europe is becoming more autonomous after the US-led disruption to the
 international order, while its equity market offers value
• The greatest potential for profit growth in China is centred in its technology
 sector as the domestic economy continues to face challenges

US equity market returns are likely to continue diverging along the lines of technology
and the rest of the market: the Nasdaq 100 index delivered a 50% return from the
post-Liberation Day lows to the end of October while the Russell 1000 Value index
rose by less than half that. That outperformance continues a long-running trend (see
Exhibit 1).

We believe technology company earnings can continue to appreciate at a robust,
albeit slower, pace in 2026 as the artificial intelligence (AI) revolution continues to
drive heavy capital expenditure — and eventually profits across all sectors.

AI’s greatest impact will ultimately be in the other parts of the economy as companies
implement the technology to drive earnings growth. This will partly come from
reducing labour costs; and the US labour market’s flexibility suggests AI will be
integrated more fully, and more quickly, in the US than elsewhere.

## Page 15

- 15 -

The Nasdaq’s strong 2025 gains have been roughly in line with earnings growth,
meaning that valuations, while high, have not meaningfully increased. By contrast,
the Russell index’s gains have outpaced earnings, leading to an atypically high price-
earnings (P/E) multiple (see Exhibit 2).

If AI is indeed a bubble set to burst, valuations will quickly fall, but interest rates
should not prompt a downturn like they did in 2022 as the Federal Reserve is looking
to lower the policy rate in 2026 instead of increasing it.

A benign way that the index multiple could revert towards its mean would be for
the index price to appreciate less than the gain in earnings. With forecasts of 15%
earnings growth for the Nasdaq in 2026, there is still room for potentially good
investment returns even as multiples compress.

This dynamic of prices rising at a slower rate than earnings would also reduce the
high multiple for the US small cap index. The Russell 2000 forward P/E is quite
elevated, but earnings growth is also very strong, forecast to advance by over 20%
in 2026.

Given the US’s positive macroeconomic backdrop — deregulation, more mergers and
acquisitions activity, rising business investment, wage growth, falling policy rates,
and low energy prices — we are optimistic these earnings expectations can mostly
be realised.

Exhibit 1: Tech is the factor driving outperformance in both the US and emerging markets
Relative performance; log scale

 Em e r g ing mar k e t s t e c h* vs no n- t e c h
 500 500NA S D A Q vs Ru s s e l l V al ue
 400 400EM A s ia vs EM e x - A s ia

 300 300A C W I Gr o wt h vs V al ue
 250 250W o r l d e x - US t e c h* v s no n- t e c h
 200 200

 150 150

 100 100

 2008 2010 2012 2014 2016 2018 2020 2022 2024

Data as at 11 November 2025. *Technology, Broadline Retail, Interactive Media & Services.
Sources: FactSet, BNP Paribas Asset Management.

## Page 16

- 16 -

 US small-cap stocks are nonetheless unlikely to sustainably best the S&P 500 due to
 the weight, and long-term superior performance, of the technology sector. But small
 caps offer another way to access US economic growth without increasing exposure
 to the tech sector.

 Europe’s autonomy
 European corporates have struggled in the face of US tariffs, a stronger euro, and
 increased Chinese imports. The disruption to the international political and economic
 order unleashed by the new US administration has spurred Europe to try and reduce
 its dependence on the US, for example by increasing its capabilities in defence — an
 initiative called Strategic Autonomy.

 Many investors are looking for fiscal stimulus directed to infrastructure and defence
 to boost corporate profits. Indeed, earnings for the MSCI Europe Aerospace & Defense
 index are forecast to advance by over 25% in 2026. We believe this initiative will help
 the region to offset the US tariff drag and assist the reorientation towards a less
 export-dependent economic model.

 To balance growth exposure in portfolios, investors have the choice of the US Russell
 1000 Value index, MSCI Europe or MSCI Japan, which all have a similar sector
 composition. Expectations for earnings growth are also similar for 2026 at 8%, 12%
 and 13%, respectively.

 While there is little difference in the growth rates, Exhibit 2 shows there is a
 significant gap in valuations. Both US value stocks and Japan have P/E ratios well
 above average, while Europe seems to offer the best value.

 Exhibit 2: Forward price-earnings ratio z-scores

Market United Developed US Small EM ex-
 States Japan* Russell ValueMarketsCap NASDAQ EM Broad Tech**Broad Tech Europe

 P/ E 1.6 1.5 1.5 1.4 1.2 0.5 0.5 0.3 0.2

 Data as at 11 November 2025. *Calculated from 2010; for all other indices calculated from inception.
 ** Technology, Broadline Retail, Interactive Media & Services. Sources: IBES, Bloomberg, BNP Paribas Asset Management.

## Page 17

- 17 -

Emerging markets potential
Low US Treasury yields, and a weaker US dollar, are typically positive factors for
emerging market equities. Export-oriented countries, however, may struggle compared
to those that can rely on a large, growing domestic market to generate profits.

As in the US, however, it is primarily the technology sector which is generating
superior returns within emerging markets. As Exhibit 1 illustrates, the sector has
outperformed the rest of the market by an even greater degree than the Nasdaq has
outperformed the Russell Value index.

Of the three countries with the largest technology sectors — South Korea, Taiwan, and
China — the latter offers greater diversity than the semiconductor-focused markets
of Taiwan and South Korea. We believe China’s technology sector has the additional
advantage of being somewhat protected from the current trade tensions between
the US and China. Technology companies derive a greater share of their revenues
from services rather than goods and so are less affected by tariffs. Given the size
of China’s domestic market, its high level of engineering talent (for example, the
developers of DeepSeek), and desire to develop its own technological ecosystem, we
believe technology companies can generate meaningful future profit growth, despite
the challenges facing the domestic economy.

 “The tech sector has been generating
 superior returns in emerging markets”

## Page 18

- 18 -
 FIXED INCOME

 JAMES MCALEVEY BOUTAINA DEIXONNE
 Head of Global Aggregate and Absolute Return, Head of Euro Investment Grade
 BNP Paribas Asset Management and High Yield Credit, AXA IM

 MICHAEL GRAHAM JACK STEPHENSON
 Head of US High Yield, US Fixed Income
 AXA IM Investment Specialist, AXA IM
Why flexibility will be key for
fixed income investors in 2026

• Fixed income returns were largely positive in 2025, though the asset class
 faces potential headwinds in the coming year
• There is much uncertainty over monetary policy, inflation and growth –
 therefore a flexible approach to bond investing will be essential
• We continue to see potential investment opportunities across a wide range
 of industries and sectors

Despite no shortage of challenges and obstacles, returns across fixed income asset
classes have been largely positive in 2025, with income levels a major contributing factor.

However, as we enter the coming year, markets face potentially slower economic
growth, alongside questions over the direction of monetary policy and inflation, as
trade policy uncertainty dominates the discourse.

What is certainly clear is that investors will need to be more malleable in their
investment approach going forward – flexibility will be paramount to ensure they
can steer through the market unpredictability.

Four fixed income experts share their views on what to look out for in markets in 2026.

## Page 19

- 19 -

By BNP Paribas Asset Management, Head of Global Aggregate and Absolute Return,
James McAlevey

Over recent years investors have had to navigate a plethora of challenges – geopolitical
uncertainty, central bank resetting and more recently a spate of US trade tariffs.

However, we are amid a very different setting to the interest rate recalibration period
of 2022-2024, and the environment continues to evolve at pace. Many central banks
are now cutting interest rates – good news for traditional bond strategies – but
uncertainty remains ever-present.

The depth and speed of future interest rate cuts remains in question. Inflation is
proving more stubborn than anticipated in many economies – and US tariff policies
could push prices higher in 2026. We may be entering a new era of structurally
higher inflation, meaning that interest rates may not fall as far in the current cycle
as many hope. This, combined with a weaker outlook for economic growth, puts
central banks in a difficult position.

And while fixed income has become much more attractive now that yields have risen
from their ultra-low levels of five years ago, the outlook is far from straightforward.
But as we move into 2026, what is more certain is that a flexible, diversified and
dynamic investment approach to bond investing will be key.

And while markets can always be turbulent, volatility brings with it opportunities
– and right now we are seeing investment potential across global bond markets.
For example, the trend towards a weaker US dollar is particularly favourable for
some issuers in the local emerging market universe where relatively high yields
offer compensation commensurate with the associated risk. In developed markets,
current coupon US agency mortgage-backed securities currently offer a pickup in
yield relative to US investment-grade corporate debt with lower credit risk.

Looking ahead, given the complications surrounding cross-border trade, alongside
the high levels of government debt – plus ongoing geopolitical tensions, it seems
logical that investors will require additional compensation for holding longer maturity
government debt. That would mean steeper yield curves. The unconstrained nature
of our absolute return opportunity set enables us to position portfolios to benefit
from steeper yield curves, another example of the advantages of being able to both
overweight and underweight fixed income assets.

This economic uncertainty continues to cloud the fixed income market outlook.
Fundamentally, we believe that significant risks remain for investors pursuing
traditional, less flexible, fixed income strategies. Higher volatility has widened the
gap between the best- and worst-performing areas of the fixed income universe. In
today’s shifting and uncertain economic landscape, something which will no doubt
spill into 2026, a global, flexible approach will be as essential as it ever has been.

## Page 20

- 20 -

By AXA IM, Head of Euro Investment Grade and High Yield Credit, Boutaina Deixonne

European markets have been far from immune to the numerous volatility spikes of
recent years, but despite a challenging environment, corporates have been able to
adapt – even flourish.

But as we head into 2026, there are few issues to consider – the two most pertinent
being potentially softer GDP growth and the possible implications for monetary policy.

Central banks may likely continue to cut interest rates, and inflation may trend lower,
but it may still be a more challenging period, especially considering the potential
impact of US trade tariffs. Investors will need to take a flexible, unconstrained
approach and adopt strategies which aim to help them manage credit spread and
duration risk.

Despite the numerous headwinds – either already present or potentially on the
horizon – we see plenty of opportunities across a wide variety of industries including
more defensive sectors such as utilities and telecommunications as well as real
estate, which enjoys inflation-beating rental growth projections.

These sectors remain robust and tend to demonstrate strong balance sheets, while
valuations are very attractive compared to more cyclical areas. In addition, the
banking and financial sector is also very attractive. Banks, due to strict regulatory
requirements, are already in strong health and boast good margins, and robust
capitalisation. Indeed, banks’ profitability is likely to continue to be supported by
asset-gathering fees.

Flows into European credit have been very buoyant as the search for yield shows no
signs of easing. And with European investment grade bonds boasting yields of circa
3% to 3.5% and high yield around 5%, we anticipate this trend will continue well into
2026, as the attraction of cash instruments and money markets will likely be lower.

Fundamentally, European bond markets are offering decent income levels and
demand is likely to rise as investors look to lock in attractive yields. European
issuers’ credit quality remains in good health, which should help buffer them
against a potential economic slowdown. But given the plethora of macroeconomic
uncertainties concerning growth, government deficits, inflation and monetary policy,
we believe going forward it will be essential that investors adopt a nimble, flexible
approach to asset selection when navigating the current climate.

## Page 21

- 21 -

 By AXA IM, Head of US High Yield, Michael Graham, and US Fixed Income Investment
 Specialist Jack Stephenson

 For the best part of three years, the US economy has defied expectations for a
 recession and has continued to outperform other developed market economies.

 For US high yield, despite bouts of volatility related to interest rates, regional banks
 and tariffs, this period has been defined by strong investment returns reflecting
 fundamental strength, very low defaults and an abundant supply of capital to issuers
 underpinning a strong technical across all leveraged finance.

 Reflecting this healthy backdrop, spreads have continued to tighten, leading to
 questions about how much more room to run there may be in 2026. It is worth
 remembering that, whilst spreads appear low in a historical context, they are much
 less so when adjusted for today’s US high yield market composition. Current spread
 levels are supported by a near record high percentage of BBs; a near record low
 percentage of CCCs; a record high percentage of secured bonds (35%); and record low
 duration and low bid/ask spreads (i.e. better liquidity).1

 Still, the abundant supply of capital has led to increased corporate leverage in pockets
 of the global leveraged finance universe, particularly the lower end of the credit
 spectrum in the broadly syndicated loan and private debt markets. Recently, there
 has been greater attention to some notable default stories and investor concern
 regarding contagion risk across credit markets.

 1 Bank of America September 2025

 Exhibit 1: Composition of the US high yield bond market by selected ratings
100 %
 90% 15, 9 10. 5

 80%
 70% 34. 3
 60% 46, 2
 50%
 40%
 30% 55. 2
 20% 37, 9
 10%
 0%
 200 7 200 9 201 1 201 3 201 5 201 7 201 9 202 1 202 3 202 5
 BB B CCCo r l ower

 Data as at 30 September 2025. Source: Bank of America, HY Research

## Page 22

- 22 -

Although we expect the theme of liability management exercises to remain prevalent
in 2026, overall default activity in high yield should remain modest and will likely
continue to be driven by idiosyncratic credit stories. In that context, an active and
disciplined approach to investing within lower credit quality markets may be warranted.

Despite macroeconomic uncertainty, we expect high yield spreads to remain in a
relatively tight range, supported by continued investor demand from yield buyers
focused on the overall total return potential on offer as cash rates decline. We believe
that short duration securities will remain attractive given the ability to mitigate
both interest rate and spread volatility, whilst offering access to the most liquid
part of the market. For investors seeking higher total returns within US high yield,
any market weakness like we saw in April 2025, could provide potentially attractive
buying opportunities further up the risk spectrum.

To benefit from the full range of opportunities, in 2026 investors may want to consider
a flexible and targeted approach to investing in the high yield market, harnessing its
unique diversification benefits to complement an overall asset allocation.

 “We expect high yield spreads
 to remain supported by investor demand
 as cash rates decline”

## Page 23

- 23 -
 PRIVATE ASSETS

 CHRISTOPHE FRITSCH
 Global Head of Alternative Credit, AXA IM

Alternative credit outlook: Stability amid global shifts

• Credit remains strong, underpinned by economic growth and accommodative
 monetary policy
• Corporate fundamentals remain solid, though investors should pay attention
 to emerging risks
• A selective approach is key, while we expect strategies emphasising downside
 protection and stable income to perform well

Resilience amid global shifts
Global markets have shown remarkable resilience despite persistent geopolitical
tensions and evolving trade dynamics. Since the implementation of the ‘Liberation
Day’ tariff measures, risk assets – particularly credit – have remained strong,
supported by resilient economic growth and increasingly accommodative
monetary conditions.

While tariffs have weighed on global trade, recession fears have yet to materialise. The
US economy has decelerated to a more sustainable pace, supporting global demand
without reigniting inflation pressures. In Europe, fiscal stimulus tied to infrastructure
and defence investment has helped counterbalance external headwinds. The
new transatlantic trade framework has also bolstered investor sentiment toward
European assets.

## Page 24

- 24 -

Credit dynamics
The global economy has continued to benefit from lower benchmark interest rates.
Meanwhile, persistent investor demand for credit assets has driven a tightening
trend in credit spreads throughout 2025. These conditions have eased refinancing
pressures and improved capital access for corporates.

Merger and acquisition (M&A) activity has remained dynamic, with global deal
value reaching US$2trn in the first half of 2025, up 15% year on year 1. The US
market is characterised by larger deal sizes, while Europe has seen a higher
volume of transactions, supported by accommodative monetary conditions and
attractive valuations.

We anticipate increased private credit financing to accompany this M&A momentum.
Corporate fundamentals remain solid. Companies have effectively adapted to
elevated input costs through operational efficiency, faster inventory turnover, and
diversified supply chains. On the consumer side, balance sheets – particularly in
Europe – remain healthy.

Private credit continues to expand, though investor inflows are beginning to outpace
investable opportunities in certain segments. As a result, manager selection and
origination capabilities are becoming increasingly critical. Identifying asset managers
with strong sourcing and underwriting expertise is essential for effective capital
deployment. Additionally, we expect further consolidation in the private credit space
through acquisitions and strategic partnerships.

 “Identifying asset managers
 with strong sourcing and underwriting expertise
 is essential in private credit”

Risks and differentiation
Despite strong performance, emerging risks warrant attention in light of the recent
corporate defaults of US auto parts company First Brands and sub-prime car finance
lender Tricolor. These events underscore the importance of selectivity and rigorous
credit analysis. Credit spreads remain tight, and signs of stress are surfacing in
sectors vulnerable to tariffs and fiscal tightening. Loan downgrades are outpacing
upgrades, highlighting growing dispersion between sectors and issuers.

1. PitchBook, June 2025.

## Page 25

- 25 -

Investment implications
We remain constructive on alternative credit but stress the importance of selectivity.
Strategies emphasising downside protection, stable income, and disciplined
underwriting are likely to be the best positioned in the current environment.

We see potential attractive opportunities in areas including commercial real estate
debt and specialty finance, such as Significant Risk Transfer (SRT), and Asset-Backed
Finance (ABF). Europe is benefiting from renewed capital inflows and policy support
and offers opportunities for diversification and potential long-term value. Retail
participation in investing is also rising, driven by the launch of evergreen semi-liquid
funds – flexible, open-ended investment vehicles – under the European Union’s Long-
Term Investment Funds 2.0 framework. However, private wealth remains under-
allocated to private credit, presenting further growth potential.

 “We see attractive opportunities
 in areas including commercial real estate debt
 and specialty finance”

## Page 26

- 26 -
 PRIVATE ASSETS

 JUSTIN CURLOW
 Global Head of Research & Strateg y Real Assets,
 AXA IM

Real assets outlook: Widening investment opportunities

• High-quality offices and residential real estate remain in demand
• US rent growth has slowed and Europe is facing age of stock issues
• We expect income growth to drive outperformance, while diversification is key

Real asset values have stabilised
The logistics sector continues to lead the way within the real assets universe, in
both the US and Europe. High-quality offices are seeing an improvement in pricing
as the ‘return to office’ mandate gathers pace. The resilience of the living sector is
also continuing to garner investor interest in markets where investors have limited
exposure. Meanwhile, the valuation swings that we have seen were more muted in
the infrastructure market. Values have stabilised and even started to recover in the
renewable energy and digitalisation segments.

Europe more resilient than the US
The US’s new supply pump was well primed before the pandemic and while it has
slowed recently, the wave of development completions in the past five years has
slowed rent growth. Europe continues to suffer from its age of stock issues and tight
fundamentals at the prime end of the occupier market.

## Page 27

- 27 -

Prime rental value growth continues to eclipse inflation with most European markets
now boasting record nominal rental levels. In these top performing markets, occupiers
are widening their locational focus beyond key city centres and into well-established
fringe locations to take advantage of the price gaps. However, there remains a key
focus on building quality where no compromise is being made.

Diversification will be key
While the divergence in rates provides some scope for inward yield movements
in Europe the ultimate quantum will likely remain muted in a historical context.
Income growth prospects will likely remain the key driver of outperformance for the
foreseeable future. Considering this dynamic alongside heightened macroeconomic
and policy uncertainty it is reasonable to expect that wider diversification will likely
prove a good level of ‘vintage’ insurance should adverse scenarios take hold.

Transaction activity starting to show signs of life
In volume terms, activity remains greatest in the residential and logistics segments
but there is a return of interest for high quality office buildings and larger lot sizes/
portfolios, which are both starting to see a resurgence in activity. This growth in
transactions is being supported by a more diverse base of investors beyond high net
worth and private buyers to now include listed players, sovereign wealth funds and
insurance and pension funds.

Renewed equity investment activity widens investment opportunities
The denominator effect, where investors become over allocated to assets like real
estate and infrastructure, is abating – which has brought institutional investors back
as they once again find themselves under allocated, especially in the infrastructure
space. The rise in equity investment activity will widen the investable debt universe
by adding fresh origination opportunities to lenders that have been focused on the
refinancing needs of their borrowers.

In the US, there has been a rise in short-term extensions and loan modifications in
the office and multi-family space where there are growing signs of defaults and
delinquencies, but an absence of completed distressed asset sales. The wider range
of equity investors is broadening the sales market to include high-quality core
assets through to higher-yielding and challenged asset management-intensive
options. In Europe, development opportunities are becoming attractive given the
strength of the occupier market and limited availability for the top-quality assets
that occupiers demand.

## Page 28

- 28 -
SUSTAINABILITY THEMATICS

 JANE AMBACHTSHEER JANE WADIA
 Global Head of Sustainability, Head of Sustainability,
 BNP Paribas Asset Management Core Products & Clients, AXA IM
Sustainable investing in 2026:
The continuing path to a more resilient future

• Despite a turbulent period of sustainable investing, commitment to sustainability
 remains strong across Europe and Asia
• Understanding the trends shaping 2026 is critical – not only for managing risk,
 but also for identifying new areas of growth and opportunity
• Climate and net zero remain investors’ priority, so we expect the primary
 investment focus in 2026 to be on green bonds, decarbonisation and climate and
 nature solutions

Recent years have seen investors operate in an environment shaped by conflicts,
inflationary pressures, extreme weather events, and growing digital disruption.
These events, coupled with the longer-term sustainability themes shaping our
decade – climate change, biodiversity loss, and rising inequality – are redefining
risks in capital markets and placing long-term investment resilience under scrutiny.

Meanwhile, sustainability-related regulations are evolving, such as the EU Omnibus
Directive – which seeks to streamline the Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive
(CSRD) – the Corporate Sustainability Due Diligence Directive (CSDDD), and the
Sustainable Finance Disclosure Regulation (SFDR).

## Page 29

- 29 -

Simplifications are broadly a response to regulatory fatigue and offer the opportunity
for streamlining, which we support provided ambition is maintained. In the US, there
is significant push back against what is perceived as a ‘woke’ sustainability agenda.
But this is not the case worldwide.

 “Understanding the trends shaping 2026
 is critical for managing risk
 and identifying opportunities”

New opportunities
Amid this shifting landscape, our duty as an asset manager is to make well-informed
investment decisions, carefully considering sustainability risks and opportunities.
Understanding the trends shaping 2026 is critical – not only for managing risk,
but also for identifying new areas of growth and opportunity, in terms of capital
allocation and aligning stewardship activity with the aim of addressing systemic
risks in portfolios and markets.

In 2026, investors will look to address the societal and sustainability challenges
shaping markets and economies in an interconnected manner. Our global thematic
framework supports this, helping to identify related risks and opportunities – and
there are significant elements to consider, as highlighted below.

 DEMOGRAPHICS ENVIRONMENT

 INNOVATION GEOPOLITICS

Source: BNP Paribas Asset Management, October 2025

## Page 30

- 30 -

Demographics
Demographic shifts, inequality, pressure on human capital, human rights and public
health are driving demand for more inclusive and resilient systems. While complex,
such issues can lead to innovative solutions and new investment opportunities.

Innovation
Technological advancement also brings risks and opportunities. While responsible
development of artificial intelligence (AI) and stronger cyber resilience are important,
AI can be a powerful enabler of sustainability-related solutions, offering scalable
tools to tackle environmental challenges. It can also help investors and companies
embed environmental, social and governance (ESG) insights into their decision
making, enhance transparency and identify long-term sustainable value.

The environment and geopolitics
As the physical impacts of climate change become more apparent, the urgency to act
will increase. While the transition to a low carbon economy faces some political and
regulatory headwinds, the technological and societal shifts underlying the transition
will persist and continue to demand investors’ attention. The Asia-Pacific region
is a leader in driving the global energy transition, creating potentially significant
investment opportunities.

Within a shifting geopolitical landscape, strong corporate governance and business
ethics, as well as progress in integrating sustainability in emerging markets could
unlock sustainable growth.

Investors, notably institutional clients, staying the course
It has been a turbulent period for ESG portfolios, which endured net outflows early in
2025. However, the second quarter (Q2) enjoyed a strong rebound, with $4.9bn in net
inflows globally, driven by European investors who added $8.6bn after redeeming
$7.3bn the previous quarter. Despite some outflows in Q3, total sustainable fund
assets climbed to $3.7trn, an increase of around 4%, supported by stock market
appreciation.1

European investors remain firmly committed to sustainability, and climate remains
their top priority. Institutional investors – pension funds, insurers, sovereign wealth
funds – are not only maintaining climate commitments but scaling them. One recent
survey shows 58% of UK and European asset managers plan to increase impact
allocations in the next year, with none intending to reduce them.2

1. Source: Morningstar Global Sustainable Fund Flows: Q2 2025 in Review / Global Sustainable Fund
 Flows: Q3 2025 in Review | Morningstar
2. Pensions for Purpose / Nearly all (93%) of UK and European institutional investors "concerned"
 about sustainability under a Trump presidency – press release | Pensions For Purpose

## Page 31

- 31 -

In Asia Pacific, we have seen continued progress on several sustainability priorities –
for example, the region is set for a record year for sustainable debt issuance in 2025.
In addition, 80% of asset owners in the region expect assets under management in
sustainable funds to grow over the next two years.3

For us three climate-related investment strategies stood out in 2025, which we
expect to remain in focus in 2026.

 “Along with climate and nature solutions,
 green bonds and decarbonisation
 will remain in focus in 2026”

1. Green bonds
 Green bonds finance projects like renewable energy, green buildings, and low
 carbon transport, offering similar risk profiles to conventional bonds but with added
 transparency and impact reporting. The market has grown from €30bn a decade
 ago to €1.9trn today. It has grown into a global universe, with breadth and depth
 in terms of sectors and issuers. Although 2025 issuance may be slightly lower than
 2024’s record of some €420bn, innovation continues, notably with European green
 bonds gaining traction. The broader green, social, and sustainability (GSS) bond
 market now rivals the euro investment-grade credit sector at €3trn, with green
 bonds as its cornerstone.4 The state of the market should come as little surprise
 given that today, green bonds are entrenched in the mainstream – and have been
 for some time – typically offering a comparable yield to conventional bonds.

2.Decarbonisation
 Asset owners are moving from pledges to action, adopting frameworks like the
 Net Zero Investment Framework and the Task Force on Climate-related Financial
 Disclosures (TCFD). Decarbonisation strategies focus on seeking opportunities
 associated with the transition to a low-carbon economy and reducing exposure
 to carbon emissions and are gaining traction across equities and fixed income.
 Climate and Paris-Aligned Benchmark exchange-traded funds are also seeing
 increased interest.

3. Morgan Stanley, July 2025
4. All Green Bond / GSS data source: Bloomberg as of 6 October 2025

## Page 32

- 32 -

3. Climate and nature solutions
 Investors are allocating capital to solutions that address climate and biodiversity
 challenges. These include clean energy, sustainable agriculture, resilient
 infrastructure and water management. The goal is to invest in financially sound
 and scalable companies delivering measurable environmental outcomes – such
 as carbon emissions avoided – or restoring ecosystems. Climate change and
 biodiversity loss are a systemic issue and addressing them demands solutions
 that match their considerable scale. These environmental strategies not only
 help manage physical climate risks but also open new investment opportunities
 in underserved markets.

Looking ahead
Despite policy shifts in the US, Europe continues to lead in sustainable investing,
offering a strong pipeline of opportunities with attractive risk-return profiles –
and European governments, corporates, and investors are staying the course. For
European investors, sustainability is not a trend—it’s a strategic imperative. And
with Asia’s growing role in driving the energy transition, we have two clear regions
driving this focus.

## Page 33

- 33 -
 US EQUITIES

 PAMELA HEGARTY DEREK GLYNN
 Senior Portfolio Manager, ESG Champion, Portfolio Manager,
 BNP Paribas Asset Management BNP Paribas Asset Management
Artificial intelligence: Not a bubble… yet

Artificial intelligence (AI) is the most impactful digital transformation theme since
the development of the Internet. The public launch of ChatGPT in November 2022
catalysed a wave of investment and innovation that continues to build momentum.
As excitement about the potential for this new technology builds toward very high
expectations, investors and industry participants are questioning if we are entering a
bubble. Our current conclusion is that AI is not a bubble… yet. We are carefully monitoring
risks and similarities to the Internet and telecom bubble (the 'dotcom era').

Risks and similarities include:

• The desire to be first to market with leading AI models is creating an arms race that
 may result in an overbuilding of infrastructure, as not all players will be successful.

• Massive up-front investment is required for training and running AI models, with
 revenues and earnings expected at some future date. This creates uncertainty
 about the return on invested capital (ROIC) for many AI initiatives.

## Page 34

- 34 -

• The emergence of debt financing including the use of private credit and off-
 balance sheet structures (joint ventures and special purpose vehicles), and the
 reported use of Graphics Processing Units (or GPUs, these are fast-depreciating
 assets) as collateral in some cases, introduces significant risk.

• The existence of circular relationships among suppliers and customers is a red
 flag. We are concerned about the systemic risk associated with the interrelated
 financial dependencies.

On the positive side, there are several mitigating factors that
make us confident we are not yet in bubble territory.

• The leading cloud service providers (CSPs) are large, rational companies with
 strong balance sheets and positive free cash flow generation. To date, they have
 self-funded their AI capex primarily through operating cash flows. During the
 Internet and telecom bubble of the late 1990s, the companies bearing the brunt
 of the infrastructure investment were primarily debt-funded and did not have
 stable cash-generating business segments to support them through the cycle.

Exhibit 1: Valuations of the MSCI World Information Technology (IT) Index
are far from dotcom bubble levels

70
 P/E Next Year - MSCI World IT
60

50

40

30

20

10

 0

Data as at 30 September 2025. Source: MSCI, Bloomberg

## Page 35

- 35 -

• It is still very early in terms of the adoption of AI, and potential use cases are
 expanding. A recent survey found that while 78% of enterprises are using AI in at
 least one department, only 16% have deployed it across five or more1. Agentic AI
 holds the promise of enabling new use cases where autonomous agents, powered
 by AI, will reason, plan, and act across IT systems and data, and thus automate
 many tasks. Physical AI is also on the horizon as AI converges with robotics and
 other consumer devices. In technology adoption cycles, it is not unusual for steep
 investments to occur ahead of widespread monetisation.

• The infrastructure exists (in the form of high-speed Internet access, smartphones,
 and other connected devices) to immediately deliver AI-based applications to
 end users. That was not true during the Internet and telecom bubble, as the
 fibre buildout occurred well ahead of the existence of the “last mile” networks
 that provide broadband access, and well before the availability of smartphones.
 This enables innovators to achieve faster time to revenues and returns. For
 example, ChatGPT has already reached 800 million weekly active users in less
 than three years, as of October 2025, compared to 13 years for Internet adoption.

1. Source: McKinsey & Company, March 2025. The state of AI: How organizations are rewiring to cap-
 ture value

Exhibit 2: Tech sector Initial Public Offerings (IPOs), median price/sales multiple by year

60

50

40

30

20

10

 0
 1980 1982 1984 1986 1988 1990 1992 1994 1996 1998 2000 2002 2004 2006 2008 2010 2012 2014 2016 2018 2020 2022 2024

Data as at 29 September 2025. Source: Initial Public Offerings: Updated Statistics, Jay R. Ritter, University of Florida, table 4a.

## Page 36

- 36 -

• Valuations of publicly traded technology stocks are not nearly as stretched as in
 the late 1990s. While expectations are high now as they were then, the valuations
 are still reasonable for many leaders in AI. In a bubble, valuations become
 untethered from reality, with investors paying high multiples on heightened
 forecasts. We believe some of the more speculative valuations in AI today are
 concentrated in the private markets, with most AI companies staying private for
 longer, thus insulating the public equity market.

Today we have reasonable multiples on high expectations. Higher multiples compared
to 10 years ago reflect higher profit margins and returns on equity (ROE) of growth
companies.

During the Internet/ telecom bubble, high multiples were placed on high expectations.
For example, the median price to sales multiples of tech sector initial public offerings
(IPOs) spiked to 43x in 1999 and 49.5x in 2000.

In conclusion, we believe the AI theme is not yet in bubble territory. Expectations for
the leaders of AI are high, but valuations remain reasonable. However, we are aware
of and monitoring several risk factors going forward and are watching for signs of
a digestion period in the spending cycle. It is possible that industry consolidation
and disruption will occur over time as winners emerge from the arms race. We
remain intensely focused on bottom-up fundamental research at the company level
to identify winners and avoid losers, and on monitoring developments closely as the
adoption of AI progresses.

## Page 37

- 37 -
 EUROPEAN EQUITIES

 LAZARE HOUNHOUAYENOU MATHIEU JOURDE SEBASTIEN TALDIR
Lead Portfolio Manager Dedicated Equities Portfolio Manager Solutions Investment Specialist,
 BNP Paribas Asset Management and Dedicated Equities, Dedicated Equities
 BNP Paribas Asset Management BNP Paribas Asset Management
 European strategic autonomy:
 A long-term investment opportunity

 • Europe is allocating billions of euros to defence with investments expected to
 continue to grow
 • The sector’s valuation is attractive and growth is well above that of other areas
 • Industrial and technological resilience remain a key policy focus and boast
 multiple potential long-term investment opportunities

 Europe is deepening its quest for strategic autonomy. What began as a post-pandemic
 policy slogan has evolved into a financial reality, with tangible investment implications
 – Europe now allocates billions annually to defence, industrial resilience, and key
 technology sectors.

 Once an afterthought, now a priority, the money being put into European defence has
 significantly increased since 2022, amid the Russia/Ukraine conflict and more recently
 because of US President Donald Trump’s pressure on NATO members.1

 1. Defence Expenditure of Nato Countries def-exp-2025-en.pdf

## Page 38

- 38 -

 But this is only the beginning. At the June 2025 NATO Summit in The Hague, allies
 made a commitment to investing 3.5% of GDP annually on core defence requirements
 and 1.5% of GDP on defence- and security-related spending by 2035.2

 These ambitious targets were met with some prudence by the market, with some
 countries more reluctant than others to spend so much while already struggling with
 high public spending. However, the path is clear: several plans exist to help with this
 target, notably the European Union’s (EU) €800bn ReArm Europe Plan/Readiness
 2030.3 Security spending will rise for years to come, which could create potential new
 opportunities for investors.

 Investable market
 The total addressable market for European defense companies should grow 29% per
 year until 2030, according to Oddo BHF. Its study uses a hypothesis of 3% of GDP
 spending on defence by 2030 (versus the 3.5% agreed by NATO members4,5 , and 2%
 previously), taking progressively into account the 65% target of components from
 European companies, adjusting slightly higher also the proportion of spending on
 equipment versus staff.

 The sector has significantly re-rated since 2022, but its valuation is still below that
 of US peers and its growth is well above that of the other European sectors:

 2. NATO – Topic: Defence expenditures and NATO’s 5% commitment
 3. EU defence funding | Epthinktank | European Parliament
 4. European Defence Agency Report, Defence Data 2024 – 2025.
 5. SAFE | Security Action for Europe – European Commission

 Exhibit 1: Valuation ratios for selected equity indices

 Valuation ratios by FactSet consensus, PEG P/E FCF Yield P/Sales
 data as of 21/10/2025 – NTM – NTM – NTM – NTM

MSCI Europe 1.695 14.64 4.81% 1.66

MSCI Europe Aerospace & Defence 1.545 30.77 3.19% 2.67

MSCI World Aerospace & Defence 1.97 32.26 3.16% 2.81

MSCI World 1.934 20.39 3.71% 2.65

 NTM: Next Twelve Months, PEG: Price Earnings Growth Ratio, P/E: Price-to-Earnings Ratio, FCF: Free Cash Flow, P/Sales:
 Price to Sales. Data as at 21 October 2025. Source: FactSet

## Page 39

- 39 -

When looking at the subsector’s valuation ratio, accounting for its growth, the sector
is still cheaper than the rest of the market.

In the short term, investors should be prepared for potential volatility, due to
contradictory news on the probability of a ceasefire between Ukraine and Russia. But
recent financial reports and order books have reassured the market; for example, TKMS
(the recent marine spin-off from ThyssenKrupp) boasts backlogs extending to 2040.6

At the same time, the reorganisation of the European defence landscape is underway,
evidenced by several changes: TKMS’ spin-off, Rheinmetall’s acquisition of Naval
Vessels Lürssen, the Bromo satellite project combining the space businesses of Airbus,
Thales and Leonardo – which all create potential additional opportunities to invest
in the sector.

Industry, IT, utilities and basic resources: The long way to sovereignty
The industry, information technology, utilities and basic resources sectors are pillars
to address vulnerabilities in supply chains, notably in chips, energy and critical raw
materials essential for the green and digital transitions. Several policies and plans
exist to support this:
• The EU’s REPowerEU programme which aims to divest from Russian energy imports
 before 20307: supported by €300bn of funding, notably through the Recovery and
 Resilience Facility8

• Approximately €100bn to be mobilised by 2030 to support decarbonation of energy
 -intensive industries9

• Germany’s "Schuldenbremse" (debt brake) reform, approved by parliament
 in March 2025, enabling the creation of a special €500bn fund to be deployed
 over several years (€83bn for 2026) dedicated to investments in infrastructure
 (transportation, energy, digital networks) and the green transition10
• The EU’s Critical Raw Materials Act which establishes benchmarks for EU extraction
 (10%), processing (40%), and recycling (25%) by 2030. It does not have a dedicated
 budget but aims to soften the administrative burden and timeline for permits.11
 This initiative becomes more and more important with the Chinese government
 restricting rare earth material exports

• At the European level, the Chips Act is mobilising over €43bn in public-private
 commitments through 203012

6. Major order of € 800 million for submarine modernization – TKMS Group Website
7. RE PowerEU
8. Recovery and Resilience Facility – European Commission
9. Clean Industrial Deal – European Commission
10. Federal Ministry of Finance – Fiscal foundations for the coming years: German government adopts 2025
 federal budget, benchmark figures to 2029 and implementation of the €500bn investment package
11. Critical Raw Materials Act – Internal Market, Industry, Entrepreneurship and SMEs
12. European Chips Act – European Commission

## Page 40

- 40 -

On an even longer-term note, the Multiannual Financial Framework proposed by
the European Commission in July 2025, covering 2028–2034, provides for a budget
of €2trn aimed at strengthening the EU’s strategic autonomy and resilience. This
is equivalent to 1.26% of EU GDP over the seven-year period, doubling the €1trn of
the previous 2021-2027 budget.13 The plan establishes a European Competitiveness
Fund of €409bn, intended to support strategic technologies in clean energy, digital
transition, biotechnology, and defence.

In addition, €175bn is allocated to Horizon Europe, the EU’s flagship research
programme, which aims to support innovation from conception to scale-up. This
additional spending will likely open up new investment opportunities across these
industries and potentially beyond.

A long-term investment trend
Europe’s strategic autonomy could solidify by 2030, with defence spending representing
a significant 3.5% of the region’s GDP, not even taking into account the indirect 1.5%
of GDP spending from the NATO commitment. Even if the full NATO engagement is
not met, we believe this is a structural trend that is here to stay. Defence clearly
dominates Europe’s balance sheet, while industrial and technological resilience remain
smaller but fast-growing components as well. Sustained efforts are essential for a
robust Europe, improving visibility for European companies, while creating potential
long-term opportunities for investors.

13. EU budget 2028-2034

## Page 41

- 41 -
FOR INVESTOR
ESSENTIALS
ON THE GO

 Download the app
 or visit our website

## Page 42

- 42 -

Please note that articles may contain technical language. For this reason, they may not be suitable for readers without professional
investment experience. Any views expressed here are those of the author as of the date of publication, are based on available information,
and are subject to change without notice. Individual portfolio management teams may hold different views and may take different
investment decisions for different clients. This document does not constitute investment advice. The value of investments and the
income they generate may go down as well as up and it is possible that investors will not recover their initial outlay. Past performance
is no guarantee for future returns. Investing in emerging markets, or specialised or restricted sectors is likely to be subject to a higher-
than average volatility due to a high degree of concentration, greater uncertainty because less information is available, there is less
liquidity or due to greater sensitivity to changes in market conditions (social, political and economic conditions). Some emerging markets
offer less security than the majority of international developed markets. For this reason, services for portfolio transactions, liquidation
and conservation on behalf of funds invested in emerging markets may carry greater risk. Environmental, social and governance (ESG)
investment risk: The lack of common or harmonised definitions and labels integrating ESG and sustainability criteria at EU level may
result in different approaches by managers when setting ESG objectives. This also means that it may be difficult to compare strategies
integrating ESG and sustainability criteria to the extent that the selection and weightings applied to select investments may be based
on metrics that may share the same name but have different underlying meanings. In evaluating a security based on the ESG and
sustainability criteria, the Investment Manager may also use data sources provided by external ESG research providers. Given the
evolving nature of ESG, these data sources may for the time being be incomplete, inaccurate or unavailable. Applying responsible
business conduct standards in the investment process may lead to the exclusion of securities of certain issuers. Consequently, (the
Sub-Fund’s) performance may at times be better or worse than the performance of relatable funds that do not apply such standards.

BNP PARIBAS ASSET MANAGEMENT Europe, “the investment management company”, is a simplified joint stock company with its registered
office at 1 boulevard Haussmann 75009 Paris, France, RCS Paris 319 378 832, registered with the “Autorité des marchés financiers” under
number GP 96002. This material is issued and has been prepared by the investment management company. This material is produced for
information purposes only and does not constitute: 1. an offer to buy nor a solicitation to sell, nor shall it form the basis of or be relied
upon in connection with any contract or commitment whatsoever or 2. investment advice. Opinions included in this material constitute
the judgement of the investment management company at the time specified and may be subject to change without notice. The
investment management company is not obliged to update or alter the information or opinions contained within this material. Investors
should consult their own legal and tax advisors in respect of legal, accounting, domicile and tax advice prior to investing in the financial
instrument(s) in order to make an independent determination of the suitability and consequences of an investment therein, if permitted.
Please note that different types of investments, if contained within this material, involve varying degrees of risk and there can be no
assurance that any specific investment may either be suitable, appropriate or profitable for an investor’s investment portfolio. Given
the economic and market risks, there can be no assurance that the financial instrument(s) will achieve its/their investment objectives.
Returns may be affected by, amongst other things, investment strategies or objectives of the financial instrument(s) and material market
and economic conditions, including interest rates, market terms and general market conditions. The different strategies applied to the
financial instruments may have a significant effect on the results portrayed in this material. All information referred to in the present
document is available on www.bnpparibas-am
