Source file: GeneraliAM - Outlook_2026.pdf
Source path: outlooks/GeneraliAM - Outlook_2026.pdf
Type: pdf
Extraction method: pypdf-layout
Extracted at UTC: 2026-03-17T21:46:04.737830+00:00
Page count: 24

---

## Page 1

OUTLOOK 2026

 MANIA, NO PANIC

 December 12, 2026

 Our Annual Outlook provides our key views and investment implications for the coming year

 • The global economy is entering 2026 on a steady
 footing. It has proved remarkably resilient to the
 trade war shock, and easy financial conditions im-
 ply upside risks for global growth in 2026. Central
 banks have cut rates, and fiscal policy will be ac-
 commodative in Germany, China and the US. Most
 importantly, as the US administration prepares for
 the mid-term elections, policies will be focused on
 leaning against the stagflationary effects of the tar-
 iffs.

 • The two big risks for 2026 lie in a reversal of the
 credit cycle – as rising leverage exposes tight
 spreads – and a burst of the AI “bubble”. In our
 books, it is premature to position for those. We ex-
 pect deregulation to fan competition between lend-
 ers in 2026, implying a strong demand for Credit.
 Quick AI diffusion will support productivity
 growth. European and EM stocks still have ample CONTENT
 upside space. We retain a pro-risk bias, if a cau-
 tious one: positioning is not stretched, but inves-
 tor sentiment appears buoyant as we go to press. MANIA, NO PANIC ....................................................... 2

• Another risk for 2026 will come from sticky US in- MACROECONOMIC OUTLOOK .................................. 8
 flation, and the persistence of fiscal dominance GOVERNMENT BONDS ............................................. 11
 fears. While we see only one Fed rate cut in the CREDIT ....................................................................... 13
 coming year, we cannot exclude that the new Chair- EM SOVEREIGN BONDS ........................................... 15
 man (May 2026) would overplay the ‘productivity CURRENCIES ............................................................. 17
 miracle’ that promises to keep inflation under con- EQUITIES.................................................................... 19
 trol. Any concern about diminishing independence ASSET ALLOCATION ................................................ 21
 would push term premia higher and the yield curve FORECASTS .............................................................. 22
 steeper. We expect bond yields to stay in a range IMPRINT ...................................................................... 24
 but will start the year with a short duration bias. We
 stay bearish the US dollar.

 Your Partner for Progress. Generali Asset Management | Outlook 2026

## Page 2

MANIA, NO PANIC

 Vincent Chaigneau

 • The global economy is entering 2026 on a steady footing. It has proved remarkably resilient to the trade war shock,
 and easy financial conditions imply upside risks for global growth in 2026. Central banks have cut rates, and fiscal
 policy will be accommodative in Germany, China and the US. Most importantly, as the US administration prepares
 for the mid-term elections, policies will be focused on leaning against the stagflationary effects of the tariffs.

 • The two big risks for 2026 lie in a reversal of the credit cycle – as rising leverage exposes tight spreads – and a
 burst of the AI “bubble”. In our books, it is premature to position for those. We e pect deregulation to fan compe-
 tition between lenders in 2026, implying a strong demand for Credit. Quick AI diffusion will support productivity
 growth. European and EM stocks still have ample upside space. We retain a pro-risk bias, if a cautious one: posi-
 tioning is not stretched, but investor sentiment appears buoyant as we go to press.

 • Another risk for 2026 will come from sticky US inflation, and the persistence of fiscal dominance fears. While we
 see only one Fed rate cut in the coming year, we cannot exclude that the new Chairman (May 2026) would overplay
 the ‘productivity miracle’ that promises to keep inflation under control. Any concern about diminishing independ-
 ence would push term premia higher and the yield curve steeper. We expect bond yields to stay in a range but will
 start the year with a short duration bias. We stay bearish the US dollar.

 Mania, no panic. “M C A H
 F C ” C K
 crises, including the herd behaviour of investors, the leverage built through exuberant
 expectations, and the rise of selected asset prices to levels disconnected from funda-
 mentals; and past the peak, the painful unwinding of this process.
 Balanced portfolios Two big questions for 2026 will be a) whether the selected credit accidents that
 have delivered strong made the headlines in 4Q25 (the likes of First Brands, Tricolor, and PrimaLend)
 marked the beginning of the end for the credit cycle, and b) whether the AI rally is a
 performance over the O “ ”
 past 25 months. Me- “ ” F
 dium-term outlook place, with growth higher and inflation lower than most would have predicted shortly
 looks moderate, but after Liberation Day (2 April 2025). This remarkable resilience supported a solid per-
 2026 decent formance of liquid risk assets in 2025, with Euro equities delivering over 20% as we
 go to press, and corporate bonds outperforming government bonds – vindicating the
 positive risk bias of our 2025 Outlook – “Trumponometer” W
 alternance in global asset price performance over the past years: awful in 2022, strong
 in 2023, mixed in 2024 (solid for stocks, poor for bonds, and even stronger in 2025,

 Generali Asset Management | Outlook 2026 2

## Page 3

at least in USD (right-hand chart below). We expect returns to be lower in the coming
 years (our Capital Market Assumptions are available here) but look for a decent 2026.
 Good reasons to be hopeful about the economy

 Supportive financial conditions. We expect the global economy to stay on a
 steady trajectory. Its resilience to the global trade shock in 2025 (left chart below)
 says much about corporate agility. Of course, the economy, especially in the US, is
 We see the balance of K-shaped – most typically in the construction sector (second chart), but also at the
 economic risks tilted to consumer level where high-earners are doing much better than low and mid – which
 the upside creates two-sided risks. The key downside comes from softer labour markets eventu-
 ally weighing on consumer spending. Yet we see the balance of risks to the upside.
 ’ ’
 The policy mix is supportive. Central banks have cut rates. Fiscal policy will be ac-
 commodative in Germany, China to a lower extent (the recent Central Economic Work
 Conference sounded more pro-growth than the Politburo), and most importantly, the
 US. The ramp-up of the ‘Big Beautiful Bill’ will imply a positive fiscal impulse, and we
 expect the US Administration to avoid, or even partly reverse, stagflationary policies
 into the mid-term elections (Nov. 2026). Consumer confidence is low, reflecting con-
 cerns about employment, future income and elevated inflation, forcing the Republi-
 cans to focus on supportive policies. Solid corporate earnings will feed and broaden
 the capex wave, especially in the US where the breadth of corporate earnings growth
 increased markedly in 3Q25 and capital expenses will become deductible. The softer
 dollar also provides a boost to global profits expressed in USD, supporting animal
 spirits. Even the dormant German economy looks set for a revival (right-hand chart).

 Inflation is a wild card. We entered 4Q25 with a more cautious view on duration,
 especially in EUR, on concerns about an improving economic outlook, heavy bond
 supply, fiscal dominance and investor complacency about central banks. One key risk
 Sticky US inflation and for 2026 will come from sticky US inflation. Arguably, some important disinflationary
 concerns about Fed in- forces are at play, not least the cooling in wage growth (left chat below) and housing
 dependence may rock rents. But tariffs may keep the price of goods under pressure, while service prices
 remain sticky. The ISM surveys point to persisting pressure (second chart). Inflation
 the boat in 2026 appears far more subdued in the euro area, given the softening wage trends (chart 3
 below), a larger output gap, ongoing euro strength and a shift in Chinese export des-
 tination towards Europe. Inflation swaps have eased off both in EUR and USD over
 the past two years (right-hand chart). Sticky US inflation and concerns about Fed
 independence may rock the boat in 2026, potentially flooring those swaps on long-
 term US yields. Our Treasury yields forecasts are rather neutral, but upside risks may

 Generali Asset Management | Outlook 2026 3

## Page 4

create volatility in the broader financial system. Low rates are essential for the contin-
 ued recovery in IPO and Private Equity exits, and for credit defaults to stay low.

 Fiscal dominance

 New Fed chair. Fiscal dominance, or the risk of large fiscal deficits polluting mone-
 tary policy, creates additional risks for bonds in 2026. The Fed, under a new chairman
 Any perceived loss of from May 2026, will be under scrutiny. Any perceived loss of independence would
 Fed independence un- support a steepening of the yield curve. While the implied Fed path has now turned
 more cautious – just two 25bp rate cuts priced for 2026 (left chart below) – this is still
 der a new Chair would one more than the F ’ and our own book assume. Reassuringly, 5y3m USD
 support a steepening OIS – a key driver of 10-year Treasury yields – is priced near 3.75%, which looks high
 of the yield curve F ’ -run dot, at 3.0%. Yet this forward swap includes a
 risk premium, which tends to be larger when there is much uncertainty or disagree-
 ment about the equilibrium rate. Within the FOMC itself, the long-run dot ranges be-
 tween 2.75% and 4%, or 2.8%-3.5% after excluding the three smallest and largest
 estimates. Our US Treasury views are neutral, but near-term risks lean to the upside
 as the term premia rises further.

 Minor duration short in EUR. EUR 5y3m ESTR, above 3.80% (third chart below),
 EUR yields in a range, also looks relatively generous, considering that the ECB sees the neutral nominal rate
 with a small upside around 2%. Yet the German fiscal bazooka, and its contribution to record bond issu-
 bias. Cheap downside ance in 2026, may imply a higher nominal r* for some time. There too, we see upside
 risk for term premia (right-hand chart). Still, we expect bond yields to stay in a range,
 hedges. and rates volatility, which has normalised as expected, still has some downside in
 EUR. The fall obviously reduces the cost of hedges, with the skew making it cheaper

 Generali Asset Management | Outlook 2026 4

## Page 5

to hedge against falling yields in case then relatively bullish investor sentiment in late
 Continue to sell OATs 2025 reverses. Concerns about fiscal dominance are less immediate in the euro area,
 though France, whose budget equation is still mired in a political deadlock, will remain
 on relief spread nar- a matter for concern in 2026. While the risk of early elections seems to have receded,
 rowing the lack of a majority will further delay reforms and fiscal consolidation, with fears of
 a persisting political impasse following the key elections of 2027 (presidential and
 general). Meanwhile, the local elections of March 2026 are likely to punish the main-
 stream parties.

 Still in Europe, we see value for UK gilts. The left chart below shows that Sterling
 An underlying conver- has dropped much faster than the 10-year Gilt-Bund spread. This is now being cor-
 rected, and we expect the convergence to happen through the yield side, rather than
 gence message, with a the currency, as the policy mix seems more favourable to the battered Gilts.
 preference for South Japan is the poster child of fiscal dominance. JGBs and the JPY have sold off
 European debt over in sync, a warning for PM Takaichi that any effort to tame the BoJ, coupled with fiscal
 soft core countries, expansion, creates inflation and credibility risks. Popular discontent about inflation is
 and for EM debt vs DM likely to force a return to more orthodox policies, supporting the (battered) yen at some
 point in 2026.

 In all, while fiscal dominance plays out differently across DM markets, we see an
 underlying convergence message, with a preference for South European debt over
 Fiscal dominance also soft core countries like France and Belgium, and for EM debt, local in particular, vs
 supports the view of DM. The risk of fiscal dominance also supports the view of the view of a weaker US
 dollar, in our books. Reserve holders are diversifying away from US Treasuries (third
 the view of a weaker chart below), a bad omen for the still fundamentally rich US dollar. After a weak 1H25
 US dollar the greenback mostly stabilised in H2 but is showing signs of weakness again. The
 volatility skew largely disappeared this autumn, suggesting diminishing investor bear-
 ishness. We see this an opportunity to short the US dollar again.

 C “ ”

 Not the canary in the coalmine just yet. We have advertised structurally long po-
 We expect deregula- sitions in Credit vs Govies. Is it still a good idea, now that selected accidents in the
 tion to fan the competi- private debt space are raising fears about the credit cycle? We stay positive. Flows
 tion between lenders in into the asset class are likely to stay generous. EUR IG Credit, the 7-10y sector still
 2026, implying a strong offers a 170bp pick-up versus 3-month money market rates (left chart below). Selec-
 tivity matters at this more advanced stage of the cycle and through the AI capex surge,
 demand for Credit still but overall private balance sheets are healthier than public ones. Despite the head-
 lines about rising bankruptcies, defaults are contained and even declining, particularly
 in High Yield markets. We expect deregulation to fan the competition between lenders

 Generali Asset Management | Outlook 2026 5

## Page 6

in 2026, implying a strong demand for Credit and a strong index spread resilience to
 negative idiosyncratic stories like the First Brands one (second and third charts). Tech
 issuance will boost supply (Oracle the poster child of tech leverage concerns), pu tting
 a floor under IG spreads, but carry is attractive. We continue to prefer EUR Credit
 over US.

 Equities – constructive, despite AI valuation concerns

 The roaring 20s. The left chart below offers a multidimensional view of equity val-
 uation. The bears will focus on the S&P 12-month forward PE trading at the high-end
 of the historical distribution. The bulls will object that the PEG stands at a far more
 reasonable level, i.e. valuation is justified by formidable profit growth (realised and
 The massive tech expected). Indeed, the second chart highlights the acceleration in nominal GDP over
 Capex will lead to a the past five years, and even more spectacularly, corporate profits. This is even more
 productivity boom in true if we focus on S&P profits (large corporations), which have not seen the same
 the coming 5-10 years pullback as NIPA profits (broader economic level). This profit surge reflects a combi-
 nation of various factors, including large public deficits, greedflation through the infla-
 tion crisis, and the massive profits and growing weight of the Tech sector. There is
 little doubt, in our view, that the massive tech Capex will lead to a productivity boom
 in the coming 5-10 years (right-hand chart below). At the macro level, notwithstanding
 the uncertain and potentially threatening message for employment, this is a bullish
 story for markets, as productivity supports profits and/or low inflation trends. For
 stocks, the technological diffusion to the broader economy will support profitability,
 with sectors like Financials, BioTech or even retail well positioned to benefit.

 Generali Asset Management | Outlook 2026 6

## Page 7

At the micro level, the story is more uncertain. The left chart below shows the formi-
 More alpha: greater dable margins in the Tech sector, with the consensus pricing yet further gains. The
 dispersion within the key risk lies in rising competition eroding pricing power and margins. This is true both
 Tech sector upstream (chips) and downstream, e.g. Chinese firms seem to be catching up fast in
 terms of AI model performance. Hence, we expect a greater dispersion within the
 Tech sector, with competition disrupting the winner -takes-all model. Still, at sector
 level, we see the situation as differing vastly from the dot -com bubble at the turn of
 A mania may be devel- the century. Stock price gains a re backed up by strong profits. Capex as a share of
 Operating Cash Flows is far more contained and leverage much smaller. A mania
 oping, but it is too early may be developing, but it is too early to panic and underweight equities. We like to
 to panic and under- diversify into AI users, China Tech, or t he electrification theme. We retain a small
 weight equities preference for EUR stocks over the US, as the EA economy finally looks set to exit its
 lethargic state and local stocks still have room to catch up with improving economic
 expectations (third chart below). We gen erally stay positive on EM stocks too, with a
 preference for the likes of China (and China Tech), India, Poland and South Korea.

 Generali Asset Management | Outlook 2026 7

## Page 8

MACROECONOMIC OUTLOOK

 Thomas Hempell, Guillaume Tresca, Martin Wolburg, Paolo Zanghieri

 • The global economy is heading for moderate but resilient growth in 2026. Easing trade uncertainties, supportive
 financial conditions and fiscal stimulus will more than offset the headwinds from increased fragmentation.

 • Following a winter soft patch, US growth is set to return to potential thanks to fiscal support, resilient consumption
 and a pickup in non-AI capex. Euro area manufacturing keeps facing an uphill battle amid tariffs, Chinese compe-
 tition and high energy prices, but will not derail an ensuing recovery as the German fiscal stimulus is phased in.

 • Global inflation continues to cool off as rising labour market slack helps to ease wage growth, which should tame
 still elevated services inflation. We e pect euro area inflation to undershoot the ’s 2 target for the first time
 since 2020. The passthrough of tariffs will temporarily lift US inflation.

 • We only expect one further rate cut by the Fed to a terminal rate at 3.25 -3.50%. The ECB is set to stay on hold for
 longer. We expect renewed fiscal and monetary stimulus in China for keeping the economy afloat over 2026.

 A year of severe global disruption is drawing to a close. The Trump administration
 Easing trade uncertain- has upended the world order, and the mounting US/China rivalry has disrupted supply
 chains. Yet the global economy has been proving strikingly resilient. While the shocks
 ties, supportive finan- are still rippling through, the prospects for 2026 are decent, if unspectacular. Global
 cial conditions and se- trade is set to recover gradually, and global manufacturing PMIs are pointing to an
 lective fiscal stimulus end of three years of global industrial stagnation. Easing trade uncertainties, support-
 bode well for the global ive financial conditions and fiscal stimulus (Germany, US, Japan) brighten the outlook.
 economy With costs of living bothering US consumers, a more conciliatory approach by Trump
 on trade is likely as the 2026 mid-terms loom. We expect global growth at 3.0%, only
 ’ ’ -running of tariffs
 early in the year.

 Easing wage pres- We still expect some damage from tariffs to show up via a Q4 soft patch in US
 sures will help to bring growth on tariff dislocations. But fiscal support, resilient consumption and a pickup in
 non-AI capex are set to bring growth back to around potential over 2026. In the euro
 inflation in advanced area, manufacturing is facing an uphill battle amid raised tariffs, mounting Chinese
 economies further competition and high energy prices. But forward-looking indicators point to an ensuing
 down cyclical recovery as the German fiscal stimulus is phased in.

 The global disinflation trend remains intact. Rising labour market slack helps to ease
 wage growth and tame still high services inflation. Euro area inflation will even under-
 C ’ A winter,

 Generali Asset Management | Outlook 2026 8

## Page 9

US price pressures subside. We expect the ECB to stay on hold throughout 2026
 while the Fed is likely to cut rates once more. The BoJ, by contrast, will raise its key
 rate by another 50bp to 1% to lean against building inflationary pressures.

 Risk to the outlook include a sudden tightening of financial conditions (e.g. reversal
 in AI stocks or broadening cracks in private credit) and resurgent inflation amid mount-
 ing political pressures on monetary policy, especially in the US. Also, a renewed es-
 calation of the trade war with the US remains a key area to watch. On the positive
 side, fast productivity gains from AI usage entail upside risks to growth while keeping
 a lid on inflation pressures.
 US: Steady, but not stellar growth

 We expect growth to accelerate to 2.2% in 2026 (above consensus), supported by
 looser fiscal policy and slightly lower, but still high, borrowing costs. Reduced tariff
US growth slightly ’ “K- ”
above 2%, thanks to persists: consumption growth is driven by richer households enjoying wealth effects,
 while less affluent households struggle with flat real incomes and anticipated surges
tax cuts. But reliance in health insurance costs. The top 25% of households account for nearly half of all
on wealth effect cre- consumption, making overall demand resilient but vulnerable to a stock market down-
ates fragility turn. Tax cuts legislated in September will primarily benefit the wealthy, while reduc-
 tions in social security may leave the poorest worse off. As mid-term elections ap-
 proach, we expect targeted government transfers to offset some of these effects. Tech
 investment remains robust, fuelled by the ongoing AI boom, with other sectors poised
 to catch up due to favourable tax treatment in the FY 2026 budget, reduced policy
 uncertainty and reshoring efforts in manufacturing. However, lower borrowing costs
 are unlikely to provide much additional stimulus, given fiscal concerns.

 The labour market cooled in late 2025, with both demand and supply affected by
 plunging immigration. We expect this trend to continue into early next year, with un-
 employment peaking at 4.6%. Despite solid GDP growth, job creation will remain slug-
 gish as AI-driven productivity gains deepen economic bifurcation. Tariff impacts will
 lift core PCE inflation to 3% yoy early next year, before giving way to gradual disinfla-
 tion. Services inflation will struggle to ease amid strong demand from wealthier house-
 holds and labour market tightness from lower immigration.
Sticky inflation limits F ’
Fed easing. Fiscal defi- sponse. The December meeting confirmed an easing bias, but the Fed will likely pro-
cit approaching 7% of ceed cautiously. We anticipate one final rate cut in 2026, bringing the Fed funds rate
GDP to 3.25– M C ’
 term ends in May, and while Fed independence will unlikely be upended, appoint-
 ‘ ’
 political uncertainty about monetary policy. Fiscal policy remains a concern: the
 OBBBA bill will worsen the federal balance by about 1% of GDP, with the deficit ap-
 proaching 7%, as tariff revenues fail to offset tax cuts.
 The euro area recovery will gain momentum in 2026
Past ECB easing, less Euro area activity weathered US and policy uncertainties within EMU members and
trade tensions and grew surprisingly robust throughout the year. Albeit hard indicators like retail sales
 and industrial production remain lacklustre so far, GDP expanded by 0.26% qoq in
German fiscal spend- Q3. Sentiment indicators point to a similar momentum in Q4 and an acceleration into
ing to back stronger 2026. A resilient labour market and rising real incomes, amplified by a likely fall in the
activity savings rate, will back consumption. The pass-through of past ECB rate cuts has not
 yet fully run its course, supported credit extension and domestic demand. In Germany,

Generali Asset Management | Outlook 2026 9

## Page 10

the announced huge fiscal impulse focusing on infrastructure and military spending is
 ’ W
 trade uncertainties having come down and US growth remaining stable, the drag from
 net exports on growth should ease. Policy uncertainties persist, incl. in France and
 regarding trade tensions, and many structural issue remain unresolved, especially
 ’
 tors strong enough to trigger a sustained acceleration of activity with 2026 annual
 growth at 1.3%, slightly above the consensus of 1.1%.

 Inflation will for the first time since 2020 fall below the 2% target. At the start of the
 Inflation to fall below year, base effects from energy prices will be strongly disinflationary (pushing inflation
 2% target but ECB to down to 1.6% yoy in Q1) but also core inflation will recede significantly as slowing
 look through and stay wage growth will ultimately moderate services inflation. Overall, annual inflation
 should fall to 1.8%, after 2.1% in 2025. The ECB announced to look through this in-
 on hold in 2026 flation dip and adopted a neutral stance. With the 2.0% policy rate in the middl e of the
 neutral range we do not expect key rate changes in 2026.

 China: slowing momentum requires more support

 After a volatile year marked by tariff-related trade tensions, China will continue to face
 the same structural challenges in 2026: subdued domestic demand, a weak housing
 market, and industrial overcapacity. However, some positive signs are emerging.
 Growth is expected to be close to 5% in 2025, slowing to around 4.5% in 2026, as the
 China: slowdown but latest high-frequency indicators point to a deceleration in economic momentum. Poli-
 fiscal support to come cymakers have demonstrated pragmatism and remain ready to support consumption.
 They will continue to target growth near 5%, with greater flexibility over time. We
 therefore anticipate additional quasi-fiscal measures and special bond issuance in Q1
 2026, with an emphasis on boosting demand and improving social welfare.

 The peak of trade war tensions appears to be behind us, and a potential Trump/Xi
 meeting in April could lift sentiment. Nevertheless, the confrontation remains struc-
 tural, and flare-ups are likely. New easing measures for the property sector could be
 announced, such as mortgage interest rate subsidies and lower housing transaction
 costs. Deflationary pressures are partially receding, and the anti-involution policy will
 continue. The latest Politburo meeting advocated further easing, and we expect the
 PBoC to prioritize credit allocation over quantity while remaining parsimonious, deliv-
 ering around 20bp of key rate cuts and 100bp of RRR reductions.

 Generali Asset Management | Outlook 2026 10

## Page 11

GOVERNMENT BONDS

 Florian Späte

 • In 2026, US Treasuries will remain caught between key rate cuts and rising government debt. In this environment,
 we expect the yield curve to steepen, but without a sharp sell-off at the long end.

 • The rise in long-term Bund yields is likely to continue moderately, driven by a rebounding economy and only tem-
 porarily declining inflation. A combination of sideways movement in key rates and a further increase in the term
 premium will lead to a steeper Bund yield curve.

 • The environment for euro area non-core government bonds will remain relatively favourable in 2026. A further
 decline in bond market volatility, combined with robust fundamentals, will support outperformance against euro
 area core bonds once again. However, given the levels already achieved, a further broad-based spread tightening
 is not expected.

 Due to the ongoing lack of economic data resulting from the shutdown, our outlook
 for US Treasury yields is particularly uncertain. Overall, however, we expect that fears
 of a significant economic slowdown will not materialise and that the economy will show
 resilience in 2026. Following the recent key rate cut in December, we anticipate only
 one more. Since two further cuts have already been priced, there is potential for dis-
 appointment. Finally, the term premium is also likely to move upwards from its side-
 ways channel since April, primarily due to high fiscal deficits, rising government debt,
 and concerns about a potential erosion of the Fed's independence.

 Despite these factors, we forecast only a slight upward movement in 10 -year US
 yields in 2026, with yields remaining stable at the short end of the curve. We consider
 the expected medium-term key rate level (as approximated by US OIS 5y3m) of 3.7%
Two-sided risks for the to be too high. While we believe that current expectations of key rate cuts are exag-
US Treasury market. gerated, the ongoing key rate cycle will also have an impact on the long end of the
 yield curve. Our outlook on inflation is somewhat more optimistic than that of the mar-
Yields slightly higher at ket. While markets expect stabilisation at just over 2.4% in the medium term, we an-
year-end ticipate the Fed will achieve its 2% target by 2029 at the latest. This is partly because
 the US administration is likely to step up efforts to curb inflation ahead of the mid -term
 elections in November 2026. Furthermore, regulatory changes are expected to be
 implemented to boost demand for US Treasuries.

 Overall, we therefore anticipate volatile sideways movement throughout the year,
 with slight upward pressure likely to emerge as the Fed concludes its key rate cuts in
 the second half of the year.

 Following the significant narrowing of the transatlantic yield spread in 2025, this
 trend is expected to continue into 2026. Although the rise in Bund yields that began
Rise in the Bund term in October was primarily a correction in ECB expectations (financial markets had orig-
premium likely to con- inally priced in an additional key rate cut), we anticipate that the subsequent rise in
tinue yields will be driven mainly by a higher term premium. Several factors should contrib-
 ute to this. Firstly, the central bank will continue its Quantitative Tightening in 2026

 >

 subsequent years, with Germany's national debt ratio continuing to rise. Potential flow
 effects from the Dutch pension fund transition are an additional factor. Overall, we
 view the increase in the 10-year Bund term premium of around 35 bps in 2026 as an

Generali Asset Management | Outlook 2026 11

## Page 12

indication of a structural shift towards a market environment more akin to that of the
 2000s than the 2010s (the 2010s were characterised by low inflation rates and Quan-
 titative Easing). Hence, there is potential for the term premium to increase further, as
 despite the recent increase, the current term premium remains more than 50 bps be-
 low the average of the first decade.
10-yr Bund will break Finally, the economic rebound will also lead to higher euro area core yields. Alt-
through the 3% mark. hough Germany's expansionary fiscal policy partly supports consumption (and does
Ongoing underperfor- not lift trend growth as much as originally expected), growth should stabilise above
 1% in the coming years. A temporary dip in inflation, particularly in Q1, will not prevent
mance versus US yields from rising further. By the end of 2026, the yield on 10 -year Bunds is likely to
Treasuries reach at least 3%. As we consider the term premium to be the main driver of the yield
 development in 2026 rather than key rate expectations, the yield curve is seen to
 steepen further. Accordingly, we recommend a moderately short duration and expect
 Bunds to underperform US Treasuries, as was already the case in 2025.

 Fundamental improvement in euro area non -core countries continues

 Following the highest total returns generated by Italy, Greece and Spain – three
 euro area non-core bond markets – in 2025, the outperformance of non-core bonds
 is expected to continue in 2026. Euro area core and semi -core countries are facing
Carry-friendly environ- headwinds due to political uncertainty and high government bond issuance. The eco-
ment to persist. Non- nomic rebound in the euro area, combined with a further decline in bond market vol-
core bonds to outper- atility, is supporting euro area non-core bonds. Net government bond supply is set to
form core bonds decline notably in certain non-core countries (notably Italy and Spain), thereby allevi-
 ating market pressure.

 However, given the spread levels achieved, the improvement in the fundamental
 situation relative to the core countries does not suggest that the broad -based spread
 narrowing will continue. Nevertheless, investors should continue to focus on countries
 with solid fundamentals, as these offer protection against a deterioration in market
 sentiment – which we do not anticipate in our base scenario.

 The OAT/Bund spread has narrowed recently due to the calmer political situation.
 However, we still recommend caution, as parliamentary approval in France was se-
 cured through concessions that will lead to a budget deficit of over 5% in 2026, which
 is virtually unchanged from 2025. Combined with a slightly negative current account
 balance, France will therefore remain at the bottom of the twin deficit rankings in the
 euro area in 2026. Additionally, the continuing risk of new elections and further poten-
 tial rating downgrades result in an unattractive risk/reward profile for OATs.

Generali Asset Management | Outlook 2026 12

## Page 13

CREDIT

 Elisa Belgacem

 • We maintain an overweight stance on credit, despite valuations remaining extremely rich by historical
 standards. “ oring is good for credit” the macroeconomic backdrop continues to support the asset class,
 with moderate yet steady growth expected.

 • The deleveraging trend observed in the corporate sector since the Covid period may stall, given the sub-
 stantial need to fund capital expenditure, particularly from the technology sector. However, we believe this
 will remain manageable, with leverage far smaller than during the dot.com bubble.

 • Fundamentals should stay under control, with default rates continuing to decline in both bonds and loans.
 Rating actions are expected to remain broadly neutral, with downgrades and upgrades occurring in roughly
 equal measure. The main uncertainty lies in the private debt segment following incidents in 4Q25, though
 we view these as largely idiosyncratic.

 • Carry remains attractive, supporting strong demand for credit across the rating spectrum. On a relative
 basis, we upgrade high yield to neutral versus investment grade, as net supply pressures will weigh more
 heavily on IG, particularly given the sizeable issuance expected from technology companies.

 • We retain a preference for non-financials over financials, driven by valuation considerations and the heavy
 exposure to French risk within financial indices. We favour BBB-rated corporates, hybrids, AT1 instru-
 ments, and select single-B names.

 The outlook for the coming months remains broadly positive, underpinned by sup-
 portive financial conditions, resilient macroeconomic fundamentals, and steady GDP
 Fundamental picture is growth across both the United States and Europe. In 2026, fiscal expansion is set to
 resilient and demand play a significant role in shaping economic performance in major economies such as
 the US, Germany, and Japan, providing an additional layer of stimulus. Meanwhile,
 will remain strong China is expected to intervene strategically when required, particularly by promoting
 investment in high-growth sectors such as technology, ensuring that momentum is
 sustained even in periods of potential weakness. Collectively, these factors point to a

 constructive environment for global growth, with policy support and structural invest-
 ment themes reinforcing the underlying strength of the economic cycle.

 We anticipate that the fundamental backdrop for credit markets will remain robust,
 supported by a continued decline in default rates across both the corporate bond and
 loan markets—a trend that began in mid-2025. The main area of uncertainty lies within

 Generali Asset Management | Outlook 2026 13

## Page 14

the private debt market, following several incidents in recent months. Nevertheless,
 our assessment is that, even when accounting for selective defaults, overall default
 rates in private debt remain relatively low by historical standards. While certain ind i-
 cators, such as the rising share of payment-in-kind (PIK) interest, suggest potential
 upward pressure on defaults, we believe that any increase will be contained. Defaults
 are expected to remain largely idiosyncratic rather than systemic, reinforcing our view
 that the private debt market should remain broadly stable in the near term. We expect
 the overall rating trend to remain broadly neutral, with downgrades and upgrades oc-
 curring in roughly equal measure. This balanced dynamic should further underpin a
 constructive environment for credit markets, reinforcing stability and supporting inves-
 tor confidence in the months ahead.
 Strong demand should keep spreads tight in historical terms

 Despite valuations remaining historically elevated, we continue to anticipate a mar-
 ginal tightening in credit spreads over the coming months. This outlook is supported
 by both strong fundamentals and favourable technical factors, which should make
 corporate bonds comparatively more attractive than government bonds. However, a
 key challenge will be the substantial wave of capital expenditure financed through
 bond issuance by the US technology sector. We expect the bulk of this new supply to
 be denominated in US dollars rather than euros, which further reinforces our prefer-
 ence for euro-denominated credit over US credit in the near term.

 Overall, the anticipated surge in issuance—primarily within the investment-grade
 space and concentrated in single-A names—is narrowing the risk differential between
 IG and HY, leading us to maintain a neutral stance. We continue to hold an overweight
 position in non-financials relative to financials, as we believe any significant spread
 Carry will continue to widening is more likely to originate from the financial sector. Additionally, French risk,
 which remains an area of caution for us, is disproportionately represented within fi-
 dominate underpinning nancial indices. Furthermore, we see subordination as an attractive feature compared
 or OW versus govies to pure credit risk, particularly at this late stage of the credit cycle. While curves have
 modestly re-steepened, we retain a preference for the 5–7-year segment, given the
 potential for further bull flattening as technology issuers seek to place bonds with the
 longest maturities investors will accept. In absolute terms, the incremental compen-

 sation for extending beyond seven years remains minimal. Despite our constructive
 outlook, we believe implementing hedges at very low cost is prudent. Our preferred
 hedge is via iTraxx Subordinated Financials, which has historically provided better
 protection against credit spread widening over recent years.

 Generali Asset Management | Outlook 2026 14

## Page 15

EM SOVEREIGN BONDS

 Guillaume Tresca

 • We expect the current bull market to continue in 2026, delivering high single-digit returns. The decline in macro
 volatility and the buoyant risk environment will provide further support.

 • The asset class will benefit further from better EM growth relative to the US and improving fiscal and external
 metrics, as well as from a weaker USD. Valuations remain attractive relative to US credit, and elevated all-in yield
 levels will continue to attract inflows.

 • The EM local debt remains our preferred choice for now, where returns will be driven by lower yields. We see value
 in CEE and LatAm rates. EM FXs will appreciate further, and we favour high yielders.

 • EM external debt will see further spread compression, but most of the return will come from carry. We prefer EM
 HY to IG.

 Extension of the bull market. 2025 has been the best year for EM fixed income
 since 2009, and we expect a further extension of the current bull market in 2026, albeit
 in a more moderate way. We anticipate high single-digit returns for both EM local and
 external debt, as the current positive and resilient macroeconomic setup is likely to
 remain in place.

 Resilient economic outlook. Most EM macroeconomic metrics have improved
 back to pre-Covid levels. While dispersion remains large among EM regions, the ma-
 jority are on an improving path. First, the EM–DM growth gap is expected to widen
 further according to the IMF. Sentiment has edged up, and macro volatility should
 decline as the impact of the trade war recedes. There are also promising reform sto-
 ries, particularly in LatAm and CEEMEA. Second, external and fiscal metrics have
 been improving. This is illustrated by the sharp improvement in EM ratings, with the
 highest number of upgrades in history recorded in 2025. A large number of positive
 outlooks should lead to further upgrades in 2026.

 Positive technicals and high all-in yields provide solid anchors. In case of a
 High all-in yields to deterioration in risk appetite, positive technicals and high all-in yields offer strong sup-
 support inflows port. While valuations are historically tight, especially for external debt but less so for
 local debt, relative valuations vs US credit are still attractive. Moreover, in an environ-
 ment of tighter spreads globally, all-in EM yields remain close to their decade average.
 This should continue to attract US crossover fund inflows.

 Generali Asset Management | Outlook 2026 15

## Page 16

Benefiting from the AI spending spree. EM will benefit from AI through an export
 boost. Recent growth resilience largely reflects export strength. AI-driven technology
 A ’ M
 supply many critical minerals across all regions.
 EM local debt: carrying the trend forward

 Favourite EM asset class. We maintain our preference for local debt, where returns
 Local debt: value in will be primarily driven by lower yields and, to a lesser extent, stronger EM FXs. EM
 CEE and LatAm rates rates remain attractively valued versus US rates, with most opportunities in LatAm
 and CEE. Disinflation will continue, fiscal risks are declining, and EM central banks
 remain in easing mode. There is more value in the belly of the curve rather than the
 front end, given the maturity of the easing cycle. Exceptions include Brazil and Turkey.
 Preference for EM FX EM FX supported by a weaker US dollar and a favourable global risk appetite.
 high yielders H ’
 effective exchange rates have already rebounded. We still favour high yielders and
 see value in TRY and EGP, where further reforms are expected. In LatAm, we prefer
 MXN over BRL given fiscal and election risks. Mexico has managed US tariff negoti-
 ations well. In CEE, we focus on HUF, which will benefit from elections, while in Asia,
 KRW valuation is attractive.
 EM external debt: still positive return driven by the carry
 Further spread com- Carry as the main driver of return. Positive EM and US growth will support exter-
 pression but carry to nal debt, leading to further spread compression. While spread valuations are histori-
 cally tight, they remain attractive relative to US credit—especially in HY buckets,
 be the main driver of where we expect most of the compression. The bulk of positive returns will come from
 return carry, as all-in yields remain close to their decade average. This high carry will attract
 inflows into BB buckets.

 Preference for EM HY over IG. EM HY valuations are more attractive and offer
 better carry. BBs have seen significant reforms, and we expect a few rising stars (Mo-
 rocco, Serbia, Ivory Coast). We also like Colombia, which is cheap and should benefit
 from elections. Most value lies in the B segment, which has recently lagged US credit.
 CCC names also offer opportunities, driven by idiosyncratic stories (Senegal, Zam-
 bia). In EM IG, AA and A valuations have become too tight and could be indirectly
 affected by upcoming large US IG issuance in the tech sector, which may dent appe-
 tite. Likewise, carry is low and offers less buffer. We favour Mexico and Chile but
 dislike Saudi Arabia and Peru.

 Generali Asset Management | Outlook 2026 16

## Page 17

CURRENCIES

 Thomas Hempell

 • An easing tariff shock and US economic resilience provided the USD an autumn respite via higher real yields. But
 renewed weakness is looming for 2026.

 • The USD remains fundamentally dear, and the persistently high twin deficits are posing a lasting burden. he ’s
 status as a reserve currency and safe haven has suffered amid high policy uncertainty and attacks on the ed’s
 independence. A shrinking yield advantage is denting the ’s appeal and favours higher hedge ratios.

 • There are two-sided risks from AI (dollar would benefit from a continued boom but is exposed to setbacks) and Fed
 appointments (an ‘administration insider’ would raise independence worries, a ‘technocrat’ be a relief).

 • The EUR still has scope to catch up with economic local green shoots. The French political deadlock will persist in
 2026, but contagion risks are limited. Resilient US growth, however, raises the hurdle for the EUR/USD to break
 through 1.20 on a sustained basis.

 • The deeply undervalued JPY has scope to recover in 2026 but is likely to keep struggling short term amid fiscal
 dominance worries. An adverse policy mix (tight fiscal stance + rate cuts) will weigh on sterling.

 The trade-weighted USD has proven broadly stable over H2 following a 5% slide
 over the first half of the year. An easing tariff shock, which tamed inflation expecta-
 tions, and continued economic resilience have helped US real yields and the dollar to
 recover (left chart). This support, however, should have run its course and we expect
 the USD to trend weaker over 2026.

 The USD is fundamen- ’ ’
 tally still dear and will tally dear (2nd chart). However, unlike previous years, this overvaluation in challenged
 be burdened by an on various fronts. First, the US yield advantage is eroding following the 75 bps rate
 cuts since September and another one looming for 2026 (3rd chart). This contrasts
 eroding yield ad- unchanged ECB rates for longer and further prospective hikes by the Bank of Japan.
 vantage and a high A ’
 twin deficit peal and reduces the costs of hedging USD exposure, a significant headwind. Sec-
 ond, the US is facing high external financing needs while erratic economic policies
 have eroded trust in its institutional framework. The US twin deficit (fiscal + current
 account) is likely to exceed 10% of GDP over the coming years, historically a harbin-
 ger of USD weakness (right chart). Finally, with bond volatility having scope to recede,
 ’

 Generali Asset Management | Outlook 2026 17

## Page 18

Two-sided risks to the We see two-sided risk to the USD from the Artificial Intelligence (AI) boom and Fed
 USD from the evolution politicisation. Sustained optimism about AI can favour the US economy over peers for
 of the AI boom and somewhat longer, which would help to mitigate the USD headwinds. Conversely, a
 Fed nominations deeper s ’
 F C ’ M ‘
 ’ W H H
 betting markets) this is likely to spur worries about Fed independence; the nomination
 of a credible technocrat (e.g. Fed governor Waller) would trigger relief.
 EUR still to catch up with euro area green shoots

 The EUR, by contrasts, has scope to catch up with economic green shoots in the
 euro area. Improved key leading indicators have thus far been barely acknowledged
 Political risks around on FX markets, leaving some further upside for the single currency once hard data
 France remain a wild pick up. Political strains in France remain a wild card, but risks of contagion to other
 card, but are unlikely to EGB markets are limited thanks to fiscal prudence in Southern Europe and ultimately
 derail the EUR C ‘ TPI backstop. The weighted average of BTP and OAT spreads over Bunds
 is consistent with EUR/USD closer to 1.20 (2nd chart). Overall, we expect the
 EUR/USD to trend somewhat higher – even though a continued boost to AI and re-
 lated US stocks may yet prevent a lasting break through the 1.20 threshold (3rd chart).

 We also anticipate moderate EUR strength vs. sterling K’
 GBP bearish: further fiscal consolidation and likely three more BoE rate cuts do not
 bode well for the pound while UK growth is set to remain lukewarm. That said, GBP
 has already been trading at a discount vs. rates expectations (right chart) and costs
 of hedging GBP are still sizeable (1.8% on 1-year forwards), which calls for prudence
 in shorting sterling. We do not expect strong moves in the EUR/CHF around current
 ’
 more in favour of the EUR in the wake of the expected euro area recovery, we favour
 a small underweight in the Swiss currency.

 JPY remains the most undervalued G10 currency, both vs. yield differentials and
 on a fundamental basis. Fears of fiscal dominance have been a key driver of recent
 JPY weakness as the new PM Takaichi announced a big fiscal package while exerting
 pressures on the BoJ to keep an accommodative stance. Short term, we expect the
 yen to struggle to gain ground amid these policy uncertainties. That said, odds of
 outright FX intervention would rise if the yen was to retreat much further. And for 2026,
 we expect the JPY to recover from its deep undervaluation, ultimately with the help of
 the BoJ, whose still likely further rate cuts will contrast some further easing by the
 Fed.

 Generali Asset Management | Outlook 2026 18

## Page 19

EQUITIES

 Michele Morganti and Vladimir Oleinikov

 • Slight OW equities. Easy financial conditions and steady GDP growth ahead are fundamentally supportive. The US,
 ermany, and apan will see a fiscal e pansion in 2026. M A activity is improving, firms’ cash flow e ceeds cape
 needs, and EU free cash flow provides ample coverage for dividends and buybacks.

 • Solid US earnings growth in 2026 is supported by resilient consumption and healthy balance sheets. In Europe,
 EPS growth will improve in 2026 due to GDP recovery, the German fiscal bazooka, wage moderation and better
 lending conditions. We see earnings growth of 9% for the US and 8% for EMU in 2026, 4pp below consensus.

 • S&P 500 target is 7,000-7,300; or 8,000 if using EPS consensus estimates. EMU 12-month TR is 8.5% under cautious
 assumptions, and at least 13% with consensus EPS. This benign outlook rests on lingering supportive financial
 conditions, limited pressure on long-rates, a stable US-China trade relationship and resilient Tech EPS momentum.

 • OW EM, EMU (vs. US), Switzerland, DAX, and MDAX; neutral on US tech (fair valuation). N on Japan, if still OW
 longer term. AI stocks (M7): valuations show no bubble and are far from dotcom excesses. Margins tend to surge
 following Tech capex. To hedge risks, diversify M7 into China IT, AI future beneficiaries, electrification and Uranium.

 • EU sectors: keep a tilt towards Cyclicals (OW) vs defensives (UW) as confirmed by our EU sector barometer driven
 by global GDP and EU CPI. OW Financials, Defence and Software, along with Pharma, Retail, and Construction.

 Fundamentals remain positive in the coming months: supportive financial condi-
 tions, macro resilience, and decent GDP growth in both the US and Europe. The US,
 Maintain a slight OW Germany, and Japan will be characterised by fiscal expansion in 2026. China is also
 expected to support the economy when most needed, particularly by encouraging
 on equities in the new investments in the tech sector.
 year The corporate bond outlook remains favourable, with Fed rate cuts expected in Q1.

 The credit cycle benefits from contained defaults and future US deregulation. M&A is
 picking up, corporate cash flow continues to exceed capex needs, and the EU free
 cash flow (5% of market cap) provides ample coverage for dividends and buybacks.

 Good US earnings growth in 2026 is supported by resilient consumption and healthy
 private balance sheets, as well as by our positive margin proxy (CPI/unit -labour costs)
 and profit models. In Europe, earnings growth should turn sustainably positive in
 2026, driven by a moderate recovery ahead, the lagged effects of past ECB cuts,
 ’ F

 Generali Asset Management | Outlook 2026 19

## Page 20

the US and the EMU, we see an average earnings growth of 8.5% and 7% in 2026
 and 2027, respectively — 4% and 9.5% below consensus in the two years.
 Still bullish in 2026, Using extended datasets for risk premiums and regression models, our 12-month
 with our upside targets target for the S&P 500 is set at 7,000-7,300, with potential to 8,000 if consensus EPS
 constrained by below- holds. Our 12-month EMU TR remains attractive at around 8.5% based on cautious
 consensus earnings assumptions, and at least 13% with consensus EPS. This benign equity outlook rests
 growth on assumptions we will monitor closely: lingering favourable financial conditions, lim-
 ited pressure on long-rates, the current US-China temporary truce evolving into a
 constructive agreement and continued positive momentum in Tech earnings.

 OW EM (still less expensive on PEG and with low positioning): Korea, Poland,
 China, and India (supported by pro-growth policies and improving earnings). OW
 EMU versus US, Switzerland, DAX, and MDAX, and neutral on US tech (fair valuation,
 good EPS momentum). Japan is neutral short term but still OW on a mid-term horizon
 (fiscal boost, Tech/Banks momentum, and strong buybacks potential). Over longer
 horizons, the US market appears overvalued compared to history (CAPE premium of
 +45%). We recommend diversifying towards cheaper ex-US markets, with lower po-
 sitioning and bigger potential to outperform government bonds.

 EU sectors: we maintain a tilt towards Cyclicals (OW) vs defensives (UW). The
 EU sectors: we main- former are favoured by the IFO and PMI momentum, our margin indicators plus our
 tain a tilt towards Cycli- EU sector barometer driven by global GDP and EU CPI. Overweight Financials, De-
 cals (OW) vs defen- fence and Software, along with Pharma, Retail, and Constructions.
 sives (UW) AI stocks: fair valuation, far from dotcom bubble. EPS driving performance

 Looking at the median stock 12m fwd “M ” M
 premium vs history (5%), similarly to the rest of SPX (SPX 493) and EMU. M7 PEG
 (PE/long-term – 3-5y – earnings growth) does not look exuberant, too (see table). M7
 PEs are also consistent with increased margins and returns on assets, historically
 We acknowledge po- aligned with the increase in tech capex on GDP. Tech concentration in the SPX is at
 tential risks (competi- record high, but so is its profit share. Compared to the dot-com era, M7 have a much
 tion) but Tech stocks lower net debt position, higher cash and return-on-equity. IT Capex remains in line
 trade at a relatively with historical trend since 1960, while during the dot com bubble, it was much higher
 small premium vs his- (> 2sd). Lastly, the supportive financial conditions play against a liquidity scarcity is-
 tory sue short term and the need to sell liquid assets, triggering a possible bubble to burst.
 We acknowledge potential risks: increasing debt positions and competition plus dete-
 riorating liquidity conditions. We suggest diversifying M7 exposure into AI beneficiar-
 ies/users, big China IT names, electrification (also EU) and global nuclear.

 Generali Asset Management | Outlook 2026 20

## Page 21

ASSET ALLOCATION

 Thorsten Runde

 • Overall, the global economy has demonstrated notable resilience in 2025, successfully absorbing the impact of US
 tariff disruptions and maintaining a supportive environment for risk assets. The rally in equities has continued and
 broadened, though high AI valuations and concentrated market leadership suggest that volatility may increase.

 • In 2026, we expect global growth to remain steady, if unspectacular – with upside risks. Easing trade uncertainties
 and supportive financial conditions should help offset the effects of ongoing global fragmentation. The US econ-
 omy is likely to stabilise near its potential, aided by fiscal measures and a recovery in investment outside the AI
 sector. The euro area should benefit from the German fiscal stimulus, despite continued manufacturing challenges.

 • In this context, we uphold a moderately pro-risk approach in portfolio positioning. Our preference remains for
 Credit and Equities over Govies and Cash. We maintain a slight short stance on EA duration amid signs of eco-
 nomic recovery, while keeping a neutral view on US rates. The US dollar is still fundamentally expensive, and we
 anticipate further depreciation as its yield advantage erodes.

 Growth in 2026 is set to be stable, with marked differences across regions. US ex-
 pansion is supported by fiscal incentives and resilient consumer demand, while Eu-
 ’ hampered by manufacturing
 and political uncertainty. China continues to face headwinds from property sector
 weakness and subdued domestic demand, despite policy support. Emerging markets
 enjoy tailwinds from Fed easing, USD weakness and better macro fundamentals.
 Overall, the global environment remains constructive but lacks dynamics.

 HY credit and equities are still favoured, supported by resilient but unspectacular
 growth, easing inflation, and continued monetary policy support. EA IG corporate
 bonds are preferred for their attractive carry and risk-return profile, especially com-
 pared to peripheral government bonds. Due to the high exposure of French issuers in
 financials and related sovereign risks, non-financial corporates are prioritised. Gov-
 ernment bonds are generally underweighted, with a moderately short duration recom-
 mended for euro area fixed income, as economic recovery and supply factors point to
 higher yields. In the US, a neutral stance on duration is advised, given mixed signals
 from fiscal policy and inflation. The US dollar remains fundamentally overvalued, and
 further weakness is expected as the US yield advantage narrows. We keep our pref-
 erence for EM sovereign debt, as it continues to offer attractive relative valuations and
 positive return potential, with a small tilt to high yield names. The positioning should
 favour local over external sovereign debt.

 Generali Asset Management | Outlook 2026 21

## Page 22

FORECASTS

 Macro Data

 Regional and world aggregates revised to 2015 IMF PPP weights; Latin America Inflation excluding Argentina and Venezuela

 Financial Markets

 Generali Asset Management | Outlook 2026 22

## Page 23

Forecast Intervals

*The forecast range for the assets is predetermined by their historical volatility. The volatility calculation is based on a 5 -year history of percentage changes,
equally weighted in the case of the 12 -month forecast and exponentially weighted in the case of the three-month forecast. The length of the bars within
each asset group is proportional to the relative deviations from their mean forecasts.

 Generali Asset Management | Outlook 2026 23

## Page 24

IMPRINT

 Issued by: Generali Asset Management S.p.A.
 Società di gestione del risparmio, Research Department

 Head of Research: Vincent Chaigneau

 Head of Macro & Market Dr. Thomas Hempell, CFA
 Research:

 Team: Elisabeth Assmuth | Research Operations
 Elisa Belgacem | Head of Cross-Asset Quant & Dev, Senior Credit Strategist
 adomír áč | GI CEE Chief Economist
 Jakub Krátký | GI CEE Financial Analyst
 Michele Morganti | Head of Insurance & AM Research, Senior Equity Strategist
 Vladimir Oleinikov, CFA | Senior Quantitative Analyst
 Dr. Thorsten Runde | Senior Quantitative Analyst
 Dr. Christoph Siepmann | Senior Economist
 Dr. Florian Späte, CIIA | Senior Bond Strategist
 Guillaume Tresca | Senior Emerging Market Strategist
 Dr. Martin Wolburg, CIIA | Senior Economist
 Paolo Zanghieri, PhD | Senior Economist

 “ M M C Trieste,
 Milan and Prague runs qualitative and quantitative analysis on macroeconomic and financial issues. The
 ”

 This document is based on information and opinions which Generali Asset Management S.p.A. Società di gestione del risparmio has obtained from sources within and outside of the Generali Group.
 While such information is believed to be reliable for the purposes used herein, no representation or warranty, expressed or implied, is made that such information or opinions are accurate or com-
 plete. The information, opinions estimates and forecasts expressed in this document are as of the date of this publication and represent only the judgment of Generali Asset Management S.p.A.
 Società di gestione del risparmio and may be subject to any change without notification. It shall not be considered as an explicit or implicit recommendation of investment strategy or as investment
 advice. Before subscribing an offer of investment services, each potential client shall be given every document provided by the regulations in force from time to time, documents to be carefully read Part of
 by the client before making any investment choice. Generali Asset Management S.p.A. Società di gestione del risparmio may have taken or, and may in the future take, investment decisions for the
 portfolios it manages which are contrary to the views expressed herein. Generali Asset Management S.p. A. Societ à di gestione del risparmio relieves itself from any responsibility concerning mis-
 takes or omissions and shall not be considered responsible in case of possible damages or losses related to the improper use of the information herein provided. It is recommended to look over the
 regulation, available on our website www.generali-am.com. Generali Asset Management S.p. A. Società di gestione del risparmio is part of the Generali Group which was established in 1831 in
 Trieste as Assicurazioni Generali Austro Italiche. F
 O
 R
 FOR PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS ONLY P Part of
 www.generali-am.com R
 O
