Source file: investment-outlook-2026.pdf
Source path: outlooks/investment-outlook-2026.pdf
Type: pdf
Extraction method: pypdf-layout
Extracted at UTC: 2026-03-17T21:46:17.233695+00:00
Page count: 27

---

## Page 1

Au thor s
Karen Ward In brief
Chief Market S trategist EME A • Global markets remain resilient despite geopolitical noise,
 with fiscal and monetar y stimulus fuelling grow th across the US,
Tilmann Galler Europe, and Asia. We expect the expansion to continue in 2026,
Global Market S trategist with activit y broadening across regions.

Lucía Gutiérrez-Mellado • However, this abundance of liquidit y is not without risks. Histor y
Global Market S trategist suggests that excessive stimulus t ypically shows up in one of two
Maria Paola Toschi forms: inflation, and/or asset bubbles.
Global Market S trategist • In this environment, we see several strategies that investors can
 deploy. Our 2026 Investment Outlook includes four calls to action:
Hugh Gimber
Global Market S trategist – Navigate tech concentration carefully

Lilia Pey tavin – Diversif y selectively across global equities
Global Market S trategist – Don’t be fear ful of private markets

Aaron Hussein – Protect against derailment
Global Market S trategist

Ma x McKechnie
Global Market S trategist

Natasha May
Global Market Analyst

Zara Nokes
Global Market Analyst

## Page 2

Monetar y and fiscal fuel is powering expansion

With President Trump returning to the White House Alongside middle- and higher-income households,
and trade hostilities back on the agenda, one might businesses are also spending at pace, par ticularly
have thought markets would be challenged in 2025. technology companies. The hundreds of billions of
Instead, global equities look set to close out the year dollars of capex we hear about during US earnings calls
with yet another double-digit gain. are tangibly adding to US growth.

Markets have understood that while geopolitical Activity should also meaningfully accelerate in
hostilities dominate the headlines, other forces are also continental Europe in 2026. The enormous fiscal
at play. The bigger story is the ever-increasing monetary stimulus announced in Germany in 2025 will star t
and fiscal fuel being delivered to an already healthy to feed through into economic data. This spending
economic engine. covers a very wide range of potential projects, from
Indeed, never before have we seen fiscal deficits, or rate defence to transpor t infrastructure and industrial
cuts of this magnitude, delivered outside of recessions suppor t measures. The investment-focused nature of
(see Exhibits 1 and 2 ).Germany’s plans should aid manufacturing activity and
 broader growth.
US citizens will star t to feel the personal benefits of The rest of Europe is also looking to spend more
fiscal stimulus when the One Big Beautiful Bill results on defence, having pledged to increase military
in significant tax rebates early in 2026. This cash flow expenditure to 3.5% of GDP (5% including other
boost adds to the wealth effects being generated associated infrastructure spending) by 2035. In 2024,
by double-digit stock and house price gains. European Union (EU ) defence spending reached €343
Under intense political pressure, the Federal Reserve billion, up 19% year on year, and by the end of 2027 it is
(Fed ) now seems likely to bring interest rates back to set to hit €400 billion. The EU has announced plans to
‘neutral’ – a level which it believes to be around 3%. help member states achieve this, including the €150
It is impor tant to note that not all US citizens are feeling billion ‘S ecurity Action for Europe’ (SAFE ) programme
the benefits of fiscal stimulus and lower interest rates, that provides loans for defence procurement, as well
with spending increasingly driven by middle- and as tweaks to its fiscal rules.
higher-income households rather than those on lower
incomes. Exhibit 3 depicts why the US has recently been
termed the K-shaped economy.

 Exhibit 1: Unprecedented fiscal stimulus given low Exhibit 2: … and now in Germany
 unemployment in the US…
 US fiscal balance and unemployment rate Germany fiscal balance and unemployment rate
 % of nominal GDP (LHS); % (RHS) % of nominal GDP (LHS); % (RHS)
 3 2 4 4

 0 4 2 6

 -3 6 0 8

 -6 8
 -2 10
 -9 Forecast 10
 -12 12 -4 12
 Unemployment Unemployment
 -15 increasing and 14 -6 increasing and 14
 deﬁcit widening Forecast
 deﬁcit widening
 -18 16 -8 16
 ’90 ’95 ’00 ’05 ’10 ’15 ’20 ’25 ’30 ’35’97 ’02 ’07 ’12 ’17 ’22 ’27
 Fiscal balance Unemployment (inverted) Fiscal balance Unemployment (inverted)

 Source: Bloomberg, CBO, J.P. Morgan Asset Management. The fiscal Source: Bloomberg, Destatis, J.P. Morgan Asset Management. The
 balance forecast is based on the CBO’s latest budget and economic fiscal balance forecast is from Destatis. Data as of 31 October 2025.
 outlook. Data as of 31 October 2025.

 2 Investment Outlook 2026 | Fuel in the engine

## Page 3

As European Central Bank (ECB) President Lagarde Trade is also likely to be less of a drag on European
has noted, defence spending can be productivity- growth in 2026. The ‘ front-loading’ of European expor ts
enhancing if research and development spills over to ahead of the introduction of US tariffs in spring 2025 led
innovation. Historically, European defence spending to depressed expor ts over the remainder of the year but
has tilted towards personnel, but future plans look likely as this effect fades, trade is likely to normalise.
to focus on procurement from European-domiciled Germany – having been termed the sick man of Europe
firms, suppor ting activity. in recent years – therefore looks set to finally star t

Investors shouldn’ t underestimate the potency of fiscal growing.
policy. In our view, the lack of fiscal stimulus in Europe The French political situation remains a blight on the
relative to the US goes a long way towards explaining European landscape, but tough decisions – and fiscal
the growth differential between the two regions over the consolidation – have now largely been postponed until
past 15 years (see Exhibit 4). Fiscal stimulus also helps the 2027 presidential election. France is, therefore,
explain why southern Europe, which received most of unlikely to derail the European recovery in 2026. With
the EU’s Recovery Fund, has been performing so well in France fundamentally ‘ too big to fail’, we suspect EU
recent years. The fact that Germany is joining the fiscal solutions may be found to ease this pressure, such as
par ty – with growth in government investment forecast the SAFE programme to suppor t defence spending
to hit 20% year on year in 2026 – is therefore big news. using the EU balance sheet.

Europe is also benefiting from monetary stimulus. The outlook looks slightly less perk y in the UK, with both
The ECB was quick to lower interest rates as inflation monetary and fiscal options more limited. As in France,
risks receded. The eurozone is still an economy there are political constraints to restraining government
sensitive to shor t-term interest rates, and past rate spending, so fur ther tax rises will likely weigh on near-
cuts continue to suppor t credit growth in the region term growth. However, slow activity may finally star t
– both household and corporate loan growth have to bring down inflation, which would at least allow the
marched higher this year. In Germany, increased Bank of England to ease its foot off the brake.
activity in the housing market is likely to be followed by
more spending on furniture and home improvement,
which should fur ther suppor t domestic demand.

 Exhibit 3: Higher income groups account for the majority Exhibit 4 : Germany’s former fiscal restraint likely played
 of US spending a key role in its underperformance
 Average weekly spend by annual income bracket Government debt
 Four-week moving average, indexed to 100 at the star t of 2023 % of nominal GDP
 110 140

 105 120

 100
 100 Forecast

 80
 95
 60

 90
 Jan ’23 Jul ’23 Jan ’24 Jul ’24 Jan ’25 Jul ’2540
 Those earning over $250k annually ’10 ’12 ’14 ’16 ’18 ’20 ’22 ’24 ’26 ’28
 Those earning less than $75k annually US Germany

 Source: J.P. Morgan Asset Management. The char t is based on select Source: Bank for International Set tlements, BE A , Eurostat, IMF, LSEG
 internal Chase data. Data as of 31 October 2025. Datastream, J.P. Morgan Asset Management. Debt refers to gross
 debt at face value. Dot ted lines represent IMF forecasts. Data as of 31
 October 2025.

J.P. Morgan Asset Management 3

## Page 4

Asia is also providing monetary and fiscal fuel. Potential derailments: Inflation
The election of a new pro-growth prime minister in Such unprecedented ‘peacetime’ stimulus is not
Japan with strong views on the need for ongoing loose without risks, however. These risks will be impor tant for
monetary and fiscal policy has reduced the prospect of investors to monitor to ensure that while they enjoy the
meaningfully higher Japanese interest rates, securing ride, they are not blinded by potential issues coming
the country’s place as the ongoing provider of cheap down the track that could derail returns.
capital to the world.
China has been trying to combine monetary History suggests that excessive stimulus can prove
stimulus with targeted fiscal suppor t, but with little problematic if it feeds either rising consumer prices
success until recent months. Both corporate and (par ticularly challenging in the 1970s and early 2020s),
household confidence has been subdued since the or asset bubbles ( the 1920s and 1990s).

Covid pandemic, and the government’s regulatory We have been worried about inflation proving
interventions during its shif t towards a ‘common problematic, and remain so over the medium term.
prosperity’ narrative appear to have structurally dented At present, however, a sufficiently subdued labour
Chinese corporates’ appetite to take risk. market and moderating pay requests are providing
However, China’s outlook appears to be at a turning central banks comfor t that any fur ther uptick in
point. The emergence of the ar tificial intelligence (AI) headline inflation will not become embedded via higher
company DeepS eek was a reminder to the world of inflation expectations and wage growth.

China’s entrepreneurial spirit. The recovery in Chinese The risk, therefore, for 2026 is that as activity gains
growth stocks sparked by DeepS eek ’s progress momentum, workers star t to feel more confident asking
has lif ted the overall Chinese market, and alongside for higher pay and inflation does become a bigger
a stabilisation in home prices this should help lif t issue. We are mindful that economists generally have
consumer sentiment. China’s trade has also not really a poor track record of forecasting inflation spikes.
suffered, despite the headlines, as Chinese goods are The magnitude and persistence of the inflation rise that
either redirected to other markets or rerouted via other occurred in 2022, which proved so traumatic for both
regions to US consumers (see Exhibit 5). stocks and bonds, was not predicted by consensus
Overall, with more and more fuel being added to forecasts (see Exhibit 6).

the economic engine, global activity should regain
momentum and broaden out regionally in 2026.

 Exhibit 5: China’s expor ts to the US have suffered but Exhibit 6: Consensus expects US inflation to remain
 trade elsewhere has compensated subdued, but didn’ t forecast the last spike
 China expor ts by destination US headline CPI and consensus forecasts
 USD billions, actual change year on year % change year on year
 60 10

 45 8

 30
 6
 15
 4
 0

 -15 2

 -30 0
 ’20 ’21 ’22 ’23 ’24 ’25’19 ’20 ’21 ’22 ’23 ’24 ’25
 US Europe EM Headline CPI Consensus forecasts

 Source: China Customs, LSEG Datastream, National Bureau of Source: Bloomberg, BLS, LSEG Datastream, J.P. Morgan Asset
 Statistics of China, J.P. Morgan Asset Management. Data as of 31 Management. Data as of 31 October 2025.
 October 2025.

 4 Investment Outlook 2026 | Fuel in the engine

## Page 5

If inflation does firm fur ther, Western central banks
would surely have to postpone the idea of fur ther rate
cuts. S ome might argue that political pressures would
lead central banks to push on with easing regardless.
However, bond markets may then get jittery about the Histor y suggests that excessive stimulus
monetary authorities’ commitment to price stability, can prove problematic if it feeds either
leading to higher long-run yields.
 rising consumer prices or asset bubbles.
The Fed will be under par ticular scrutiny in 2026.
A combination of the review of the regional Reserve
Bank presidents in February, and the replacement of Our nex t chapter addresses private credit and private
Jerome Powell as Chairman in May, offers the Trump equity, two markets that have also faced questions
administration oppor tunities to exer t significant recently as the potential recipients of excess liquidity
influence over monetary policy. If the administration that could lead to problems ahead. We find the
is successful in removing Governor Cook, and the narrative here less troubling than recent headlines
current Trump appointees play ball, there exists a might suggest – see Don’ t be fearful of private markets.
possibility that it could find itself being able to appoint
all 12 Reserve Bank presidents and three out of seven
governors including the chair. Bet ter destinations may yet be ahead
This is not our core scenario, but if US central bank It is not a given that abundant liquidity will lead to either
independence really comes into question, the asset rampant inflation or an asset price bubble. A benign
that might suffer most acutely is the dollar. We remind scenario of fur ther sustainable economic expansion is
investors again to think carefully about their currency possible, if all this stimulus serves to expand the supply
exposure since, as in 2025, dollar moves have the side of the global economy.
potential to be a major contributor to final returns. This will be the case if AI and other new technologies
 enhance the productivity of a wide range of companies.
Potential derailments: Asset bubbles The earnings of the tech giants today could eventually
Excess liquidity does not always show up in consumer be shared with the global corporate universe.
prices. S ometimes, it finds its way into asset prices. These benefits might also then be shared with a
With equity markets sitting on high valuations and more productive labour force. To complete this happy
house prices soaring in countries like the US and outlook, finance ministers would also find themselves
Germany, this is a risk wor th scrutinising. awash with tax receipts from a thriving corporate
 and household sector, enabling them to repay their
The trouble is that identifying the point when rational earlier spending.
excitement becomes irrational exuberance is hard. This outlook is possible. We conclude, therefore,
Gauging the timing of a turn from euphoria to despair with the guidance to remain on the risk train while fuel
is even harder. For this reason, we have devoted an is still being added to its engine. But we also suggest
entire chapter of this outlook to the lof tiest par t of that investors remain very mindful of how things
today’s stock market – see Navigate tech concentration could go wrong, and to select their carriage carefully
carefully. We continue to be nervous about the high – see Protect against derailment. If inflation causes a
degree of concentration towards tech in equity derailment, both stocks and bonds will likely struggle.
benchmarks, given questions about the return on A safer onward journey that mitigates against inflation
investment of the enormous amount of capex these shocks must include the suite of alternatives that
companies are under taking, as well as the gradual rise provide genuine inflation protection, in our view. If tech
in leverage now appearing to suppor t this spending. falters, those investing passively in US or global equities
We have also dedicated a chapter to where we see more will find themselves in the front carriage on impact.
compelling risk /reward oppor tunities outside of the US Investors should therefore think carefully about how
market – see Diversify selectively across global equities. they are allocating to ensure they enjoy the ride but also

 have sufficient protection should the train derail.

J.P. Morgan Asset Management 5

## Page 6

Navigate tech concentration carefully

Ar tificial intelligence (AI) bubble talk is back. Megacap We’ll call our third group the AI architects. These
tech stocks have had another strong year, but with focus companies develop large language models (LLMs)
intensifying on the circular nature of recent high-profile and other AI applications that can be used for
deals and unprecedented concentration in US equity everything from video creation, to chatbots, to complex
benchmarks, investors are once again concerned medical research. OpenAI’s ChatGPT is arguably
around the potential for a major correction in AI stocks. the most famous LLM to date, but there are many
 other popular examples, such as Anthropic’s Claude,
The AI ecosystem Google’s Gemini, xAI’s Grok, and Mistral’s Le Chat.

To address these concerns, first we must get a grip of While these buckets neatly encompass the supply side
the increasingly sprawling AI ecosystem (see Exhibit 7). of AI infrastructure, it is far harder to apply a blanket
 definition to the demand side. Users range from
The hardware manufacturers sit at the bottom of individuals (e.g., using ChatGPT ), to enterprises (e.g.,
the tech stack. This group includes companies a call centre using AI chatbots), to companies that
such as Nvidia (which designs highly sophisticated place AI at the hear t of their service offering, such as
chips), TSMC (which manufactures chips for Nvidia, sof tware companies who sell AI-driven tools.
among others) and ASML (which creates precision tools
that are used in chip manufacturing). In a well-functioning, mature ecosystem, the money
 spent by end users must be sufficient to generate
Nex t come the ‘hyperscalers’. This group includes profits throughout the system. Take the example of a
industry titans such as Alphabet, Amazon, Meta, weekly supermarket shop. The money you spend at
Microsof t and Oracle.1 These companies build and the till should be enough for the supermarket, the real
operate data centres that are the backbone of AI and estate operator, the food manufacturers and the
cloud computing more broadly. With an estimated farmers to all take their cut.
half of AI-related capex typically being spent on
chips, the hyperscalers are critical customers for the
hardware manufacturers.

1 While the link to data centres of ten receives most emphasis, the picture is muddied by these companies also featuring in many other par ts of the
 ecosystem. Take Microsof t: A zure is Microsof t’s cloud computing plat form, Microsof t 365 Copilot is an AI-driven productivit y assistant and the company
 has also invested in OpenAI since 2019.

 Exhibit 7: There are many dependencies across the AI ecosystem
 The AI ecosystem

 Demand ﬂow Key players Critical inputs

 Business and consumer
 Demand for the users
 end technology
 AI architects Compute capacity to train
 e.g. Anthropic, Mistral, OpenAI, xAI and run AI models

 Demand for
 computing capacity Huge power and cooling
 Hyperscalers requirements to operate
 e.g. Alphabet, Amazon, Meta, Microsof t, Oracle the data centres

 Demand for chips
 Hardware Rare ear ths critical
 e.g. AMD, ASML, Broadcom, Nvidia, TSMC to semiconductor
 supply chains

 Source: J.P. Morgan Asset Management, as of November 2025.

 6 Investment Outlook 2026 | Fuel in the engine

## Page 7

Bubble watch
 Given the incredible run-up in tech share prices since
 the pandemic, it is no surprise that comparisons are
Investment booms do have an being made to prior investment bubbles.
unfor tunate habit of leading to Valuations: High, but not prohibitively so if
overcapacit y, which in turn damages earnings deliver
margins . While today’s valuations are not as ex treme as the
 dotcom bubble, the S&P 500’s 12-month forward P/E
 ratio of 23x is not far off the peak valuation in 2000,
 while the tech sector trades on 31x forward earnings
In today’s AI ecosystem, the demand from end (see Exhibit 8).
users, both individuals and enterprises, is currently
insufficient for all the other players to turn a profit. Hardware names currently sit on higher valuations (35x
For several years, the hyperscalers have been largely 12-month forward earnings) than the hyperscalers (30x).
footing the bill, using revenues from other par ts of their For the AI architects, however, valuations are harder to
businesses to fund the build out of AI capacity, which in compare given that major players such as Anthropic,
turn has created profits for the hardware players. Mistral and OpenAI are still private today. This lack of
Whether end demand can accelerate fast enough visibility makes accurately assessing the fundamentals
to generate a reasonable return on investment right of a group integral to the entire ecosystem much
across the value chain is the million/billion/trillion- more challenging.
dollar question.

 Exhibit 8: Valuations are high, but still below the Exhibit 9: Getting to the top is tough, staying there is
 dotcom peak even harder
 US equit y valuations How the most popular tech stocks fared post 2000
 x , multiple
 60 P/ E a t Return since
 Peak dotcom valuation Company Statusdotcom peakdotcom peak
 50
 Microsof t Sur vived 5 0 .9 x 1 412 %
 40
 Cisco Sur vived 105.4x 42%
 30 Peak dotcom valuation Intel Sur vived 39.6x 1%

 20 Oracle Sur vived 1 0 3 .9 x 653%

 10 IBM Sur vived 2 3 .9 x 409%

 0 Lucent Merged 4 3 .9 x 2%
 ’95 ’00 ’05 ’10 ’15 ’20 ’25Te c h n o l o g i e s

 S&P 500 S&P 500 Tech Nor tel Bankrupt 8 7. 6 x -
 Networks

 S&P 500 - 22.6x 620%

 Source: LSEG Datastream, S&P Global, J.P. Morgan Asset Source: LSEG Datastream, S&P Global, J.P. Morgan Asset
 Management. Data as of 31 October 2025. Management. The dotcom peak is 24 March 2000. Past per formance
 is not a reliable indicator of current and future results. Data as of 31
 October 2025.

J.P. Morgan Asset Management 7

## Page 8

Two key lessons can be drawn from prior run-ups in
tech valuations. The first is that high valuations do
not automatically prohibit future returns. An investor
who purchased Microsof t at a peak valuation of 68x
in December 1999 would be up over 1,000% over Whether end demand can accelerate
the following 25 years (provided that they held the fast enough to generate a reasonable
stock through a 65% drawdown in 2000). The second
lesson, however, is that stock markets generally do return on investment right across the
a very poor job of predicting future winners during value chain is ultimately the million/
technology revolutions. Looking at the most popular billion/trillion- dollar ques tion.
tech companies in the S&P 500 at the dotcom peak in
2000, only Microsof t retained its place in the largest 10
companies a decade later (see Exhibit 9). Identifying Critically, this financial strength has so far allowed
long-term winners in real time is an incredibly many of the hyperscalers to fund their AI-related
complex task. capex from free cash flow. We note, however, that
 capex commitments planned for the coming years will
Financial health: Much improved versus 2000, eat fur ther into available cash piles (see Exhibit 10).
but with cracks beginning to emerge Recent high profile moves from Meta, Oracle and xAI to
The financial strength of the AI megacaps is arguably tap both public and private debt markets bear watching
the biggest reason to downplay comparisons with the in this regard.
dotcom bubble. Unlike the flimsy nature of corporate The increasingly circular nature of AI deals over recent
balance sheets 25 years ago, Amazon, Apple, Alphabet, months does, however, have some echoes of the late
Meta, Microsof t and Nvidia are today sat on a cash pile 90s. S eptember ’s announcement that Nvidia plans to
to the tune of $450 billion. Given that tightening credit invest up to $100 billion in OpenAI was arguably the
conditions have of ten been a major trigger for prior highest profile of these investment deals. OpenAI in
bubbles to burst, this suggests that today’s tech titans turn will funnel much of this investment into securing
are in much better shape. new compute capacity, which will then drive demand for
 Nvidia’s chips.

 Exhibit 10: Capex commitments are eating into cash piles
 Capital spending from the five major US AI hyperscalers
 USD billions (LHS); % (RHS)
 675 Forecast 90
 600 80
 525 70
 450 60
 375 50

 300 40
 225 30
 150 20
 75 10
 0 0
 ’04 ’06 ’08 ’10 ’12 ’14 ’16 ’18 ’20 ’22 ’24 ’26 ’28
 Total capex Share of operating cash ﬂow

 Source: Bloomberg, J.P. Morgan Asset Management. The char t shows the total company capex for Alphabet, Meta, Microsof t and Oracle, as well
 as an estimate of Amazon’s AWS spend. Operating cash flow represents cash flow before capital expenditures. Data as of 31 October 2025.

 8 Investment Outlook 2026 | Fuel in the engine

## Page 9

Optimists would argue that Nvidia is using the cash The good news from companies waiting much
on its balance sheet to simply bring forward future longer to IPO is that this has strengthened the overall
demand. Yet the more that the fate of individual fundamental picture of the listed tech sector. The bad
companies becomes inter twined, the greater the risk news is that for investors accessing the AI theme only
that a single failure could lead the broader system via public markets, they may well miss out on exposure
to unravel. to some of the long-term AI winners that are only
 accessible via private equity strategies currently.
Market structure: A greater skew towards
private markets requires a dif ferent approach Earnings: Supernormal profit deliver y has
Initial public offering (IPO) activity is another major point become the norm, but could be tough to
of difference today. Exuberant IPO activity was a key maintain
feature of the dotcom bubble: in 1999, the median first- Unlike in the late 1990s, when valuations surged while
day return for the 476 US companies that went public earnings lagged, today’s run-up in share prices has
was a whopping 57%, compared to just 7% on average been driven far more by expanding earnings. This is
between 1980-2024. These bumper returns enticed not only a revenue story, but also a margin one: US tech
companies to rush into the market far quicker than sector margins are currently more than double that of
normal (see Exhibit 11). the broad S&P 500. Investors now assume that tech
While IPO activity has picked up in the second half of companies will deliver supernormal profits compared to
2025, the situation remains far more muted. In par t, the rest of the index.
this reflects a growing preference from companies to Admittedly, the profitability of the AI names in the private
stay private, given the combination of a lower regulatory markets is generally far weaker, but their revenue
burden and ample availability of private capital, as we growth has still been impressive. OpenAI is repor ted to
discuss in Don’ t be fear ful of private markets. now be generating annual revenues nor th of $13 billion,
 although given the company’s huge R&D spend, it is
 not expected to reach profitability until much closer
 to 2030.

 Exhibit 11: IPO activity is less exuberant today Exhibit 12: The US shale investment boom was followed
 by a bust
 Median first-day return for US IPOs W TI crude oil price and oil rig count
 % USD per barrel (LHS); number of rigs (RHS)
 70 120 1,800

 60 100 1,500

 50 80 1,200

 40 60 900

 30 40 600

 20 20 300

 10 0 0

 0 ’10 ’11 ’12 ’13 ’14 ’15 ’16 ’17
 ’80 ’84 ’88 ’92 ’96 ’00 ’04 ’08 ’12 ’16 ’20 ’24Oil priceOil rigs

 Source: Jay Rit ter – Universit y of Florida, J.P. Morgan Asset Source: Baker Hughes, Bloomberg, J.P. Morgan Asset Management.
 Management. Past per formance is not a reliable indicator of current Past per formance is not a reliable indicator of current and future
 and future results. Data as of 31 October 2025. results. Data as of 31 October 2025.

J.P. Morgan Asset Management 9

## Page 10

Whether this earnings growth can continue depends on new AI tech, achieving a return on today’s surging
on both end demand, as well as whether the tech firms investment will be far more challenging.
can maintain their supernormal margins. Investment The AI architects have been keen to stress the
booms do have an unfor tunate habit of leading astronomical growth in their user base, although paid
to overcapacity, which in turn damages margins. users have been much harder to come by. In OpenAI’s
The shale boom of the 2010s is a prime example: case, ChatGPT has eclipsed all records for the pace of
breakthroughs in drilling techniques led to a surge in technology adoption, yet only 5% of the 800m users of
oil supply, before a sharp collapse in oil prices led to a ChatGPT are currently paying customers, according to
wave of bankruptcies (see Exhibit 12). the Financial Times.

The biggest challenge for the hyperscalers in accurately Survey data presents a similarly mixed picture. The US
estimating future demand is the many variables Census Bureau’s AI survey suggests that only 9% of
involved. By 2030, will the resource intensity of current US businesses are using AI to produce goods and
AI have reduced materially? Will we have made major services, with large variation across sectors. S omewhat
breakthroughs in ar tificial general intelligence (AGI)? concerningly, when breaking out this survey by
And how quickly will AI hardware be made obsolete business size, recent responses suggest that demand
by new technological developments? None of these from the largest companies may be star ting to slow
questions have concrete answers today, leading to (see Exhibit 13).
wide error bars around estimates for both future capex
needs and earnings overall. Other surveys point to a much more positive outlook,
 such as the Ramp AI Index that shows 44% of surveyed
End demand: The most impor tant question, businesses pay for an AI subscription (see Exhibit 14),
and the most dif ficult or KPMG’s Quar terly Pulse Survey that evidences
If AI ultimately allows companies to create major new a steady increase in the deployment of AI agents
revenue streams and significantly cut back on their designed to boost employee productivity.
labour costs, the tech giants will continue to generate
impressive earnings growth. Yet if consumers and
corporates prove more resistant to spending big sums

 Exhibit 13: Large businesses are showing signs of pulling Exhibit 14 : Invoicing data paints a prettier picture of
 back on AI AI adoption
 US businesses using AI to produce goods and ser vices Measures of AI adoption
 by size
 %, 12-week moving average %, share of businesses
 16 50
 14
 12 40

 10
 8 30

 6 20
 4
 2 10
 0
 Dec ’23 Jun ’24 Dec ’24 Jun ’250
 1-4 employees 5-9 employees 10-19 employees ’23 ’24 ’25
 20-49 employees 50-99 employees 100-249 employees Companies with paid AI subscriptions (Ramp AI Index)
 250+ employees Companies reporting AI adoption (Census Bureau)

 Source: Census Bureau, J.P. Morgan Asset Management. Data as of 31 Source: Census Bureau, Ramp AI Index, J.P. Morgan Asset
 October 2025. Management. Data as of 31 October 2025.

 10 Investment Outlook 2026 | Fuel in the engine

## Page 11

Triggers for a turn in sentiment of the beats has been diminishing as expectations
We now focus our attention on identifying potential ramp up, and we should also consider that the pace
triggers that could lead market positivity around the AI of capex growth from the hyperscalers is set to slow
theme to reverse. (see Exhibits 15 and 16). A big miss from any of the AI
 megacaps would likely create significant concern
A high-profile miss tep about firms across the industry. Another example would
Given the increasing number of interlinkages within be if OpenAI pressed ahead with IPO plans in 2026
the AI ecosystem, one high-profile ‘ flop’ could be and subsequently faced difficulties in achieving its
very damaging for the broader universe. Earnings desired valuation.

repor ts are the most obvious place to look. Nvidia, for
example, beat both earnings and revenue expectations
in every quar ter from Q1 2023 to Q2 2025. The size

 Exhibit 15: Big beats are becoming harder to come by as expectations rise
 Nvidia quar terly revenue and earnings grow th beats
 % point dif ference vs. consensus
 30

 25

 20

 15

 10

 5

 0
 Q1 2023 Q1 2024 Q1 2025
 Earnings Revenues

 Source: LSEG Datastream, J.P. Morgan Asset Management. Data as of 31 October 2025.

 Exhibit 16: Hyperscaler capex growth is set to slow
 Capex grow th from the five major US AI hyperscalers
 % change year on year
 7 0
 Forecast
 60

 5 0

 40

 30

 20

 10

 0

 -10
 ’12 ’14 ’16 ’18 ’20 ’22 ’24 ’26 ’28

 Source: Bloomberg, J.P. Morgan Asset Management. The char t shows the annual grow th in total company capex for Alphabet, Meta, Microsof t
 and Oracle, as well as an estimate of Amazon’s AWS spend. Data as of 31 October 2025.

J.P. Morgan Asset Management 11

## Page 12

Capacit y constraints 2. Diversify regionally: The par ticular exposure of US
Whether the provision of energy and raw materials can indices to the AI theme makes a strong case for
keep up with the demand for future compute capacity regional diversification, as we lay out in Diversify
is a question that has so far received far less market selectively across global equities. First, we may find
attention, but is another crucial one. News repor ts of that the ultimate winners of the AI race are situated in
electricity blackouts linked to data centre expansion, other par ts of the world, most notably Asia. S econd,
or a shor tage of critical minerals that are essential to if the market’s attention shif ts from AI producers
chip manufacturing, are both examples of issues that to AI users, Europe’s sector mix could benefit.
could potentially shif t sentiment. Alternatively, if AI sentiment turns altogether, the low
 exposure to technology of markets like the UK and
A liquidi t y event Switzerland suddenly looks more appealing.

We must also consider that an ex ternal shock, 3. Diversify across public and private markets: History
independent of technology, could be the catalyst for provides many examples of those responsible for the
a correction. With valuations elevated, technology build out of a new technology later being ousted by
is increasingly trading as a ‘high beta’ theme, more dynamic, younger star t-ups. If value creation is
outperforming in rising markets and underperforming ultimately more focused in the developers of the tools
when markets fall. If our tail risk scenario of an that can harness AI, rather than the infrastructure
inflation shock that triggers higher bond yields providers, the long-term winners could well still be
plays out, we would expect AI-related stocks to be hit lurking in the private markets today. This is one of the
par ticularly hard. reasons we are structurally positive on private equity
 – see Don’ t be fear ful of private markets.
How to p osi tion
With AI sentiment such a dominant driver of markets Conclusion
today, clearly investors do not have the luxury of The earnings of the tech giants have been incredibly
waiting to see how demand develops before taking impressive, but the outlook for future AI demand
a view. Typically, when faced with unpredictable remains highly uncer tain and, in turn, it is highly
outcomes, diversification is a shrewd approach. For uncer tain whether high expectations will be fulfilled.
AI unpredictability, we see three specific ways to boost Moreover, navigating the timing of when we could
diversification. encounter such disappointments is even harder.
1. Diversify across the ecosystem: The risks and For these reasons we would warn against positioning
 oppor tunities facing AI-related companies can por tfolios strongly in either direction. Diversification
 vary substantially. If, for example, hyperscalers across the AI ecosystem, across regions, and across
 overestimate the future demand for compute, public and private markets should provide the best
 this overinvestment could lead to downward risk /reward, helping investors manage whichever
 pressure on prices, hur ting hyperscaler margins twists and turns this latest technology revolution
 while benefitting the consumers of this compute throws at us.

 capacity. We may also find that there are winners and
 losers within each AI bucket. In the hardware bucket,
 for example, time will tell whether the AI ecosystem
 can sustain multiple chip manufacturers, or whether
 Nvidia, Broadcom and AMD (among others) are
 ultimately facing a ‘winner takes all’ scenario.

12 Investment Outlook 2026 | Fuel in the engine

## Page 13

Diversif y selectively across global equities

With policymakers globally adding fuel to the economic European equities: Earnings
engine, we are positive about a broadening of global improvement
growth. This economic outlook should suppor t equity European equities had a strong star t to 2025, fuelled
markets outside the US. Investors should therefore by a large valuation gap with the US, under-positioning
ensure their por tfolios are not overly concentrated in US in Europe, and a sharp shif t in Germany’s fiscal policy.
tech (see Navigate tech concentration carefully), even if But disappointing earnings have caused performance
the US rally could successfully ex tend into 2026. to stall since June.

Impor tantly, regional diversification does not just Af ter seven months of negative revisions to earnings
mitigate risk; it can also be return enhancing. Of per share (EPS) forecasts, Europe’s 2026 EPS estimate
course, diversification will help hedge por tfolios is now being revised up and bottom-up forecasts point
against the risk of a retrenchment in sentiment towards to growth of 12% year on year. Mid-single digit growth
ar tificial intelligence (AI) and subsequent market seems more realistic to us, consistent with the typical
correction. But diversification can also boost returns pace of downgrades to consensus EPS expectations.
in a world where the AI rally continues, as we’ve seen in
2025 (see Exhibit 17). The first driver of positive profit growth is a likely slowing
In 2026, the focus should be on markets with improving or stalling of euro appreciation in 2026, which should
fundamentals, and to some degree those less offer relief to European companies given they generate
correlated with AI sentiment. Returns will likely be about half their revenues internationally. The euro
increasingly driven by earnings rather than by multiple has appreciated meaningfully versus the US dollar in
expansion, given equity valuations are elevated in many 2025, driven more by dollar weakness than by stronger
regions (see Exhibit 18). Investors must also weigh the European growth prospects. This has contributed
impact that currency moves might have on returns. to the 17% downward revision in 2025 EPS estimates
 for European expor ting sectors, versus a 1% upward
 revision for domestic sectors (see Exhibit 19).

 Exhibit 17: Regional diversification has paid off in 2025 Exhibit 18: Equity valuations are elevated across most
 markets
 Total returns year to date 12-month for ward P/E ratios
 % total return in EUR x , multiple
 US small cap 24
 US 22
 Japan 20
 Magniﬁcent Seven 18
 UK 16
 Europe ex-UK 14
 China technology 12
 China 10
 Italy 8
 Spain
 Europe banks
 Europe defence
 Current Median 25th-75th 10th-90th
 0 20 40 60 80 100 120percentilepercentile

 Source: BME, F TSE, LSEG Datastream, MSCI, Russell, S&P Global, Source: F TSE, IBES, LSEG Datastream, MSCI, S&P Global, Tok yo Stock
 STOX X, Tok yo S tock E xchange, J.P. Morgan Asset Management. China, E xchange, J.P. Morgan Asset Management. Asia ex-Japan, China, DM,
 China technology and Europe ex-UK are MSCI. Europe banks: STOX X EM, Europe ex-UK and Global are MSCI. Japan: TOPIX; UK: F TSE 100;
 600 Banks; Europe defence: basket of selected European defence US: S&P 500. Valuation is price to 12-month for ward earnings, as
 stocks; Italy: F TSE MIB; Japan: TOPIX; Spain: IBE X; UK: F TSE 100; US: S&P published by IBES. Range and median calculated over last 20 years.
 500; US small cap: Russell 2000. Past per formance is not a reliable Data as of 31 October 2025.
 indicator of current and future results. Data as of 31 October 2025.

J.P. Morgan Asset Management 13

## Page 14

S econd, more stable energy prices should also suppor t narrowing. Af ter the global financial crisis, US earnings
European profits, given the weight of commodity- have grown on average 8 percentage points faster
related sectors in index earnings. European commodity than European earnings (annualised ), but this gap is
sectors have seen their 2025 EPS estimates revised expected to shrink to 2 percentage points from 2025 to
down 27% this year as oil prices have fallen. In 2026, EPS 2027. Thus, on current consensus forecasts, investors
growth for the energy and materials sectors is forecast can pay a multiple of 16x forward earnings in Europe
to rebound to 7% and 31% respectively, and revisions (ex-UK ), or 23x in the US, for relatively similar future
have recently turned positive. earnings streams.

It is not just the removal of headwinds that should S tay selective
return European earnings to growth. The European While we are broadly positive on Europe, we none-
economy could also surprise to the upside. Eurozone theless recommend investors are selective, focusing on
GDP growth expectations are already on an upward three main areas: banks, fiscal beneficiaries, and the
trajectory, and fiscal policy should provide a fur ther GRANOLAS.1
boost, especially in Germany where we expect
growth to pick up from zero to well above potential First, European banks are attractive. Despite returning
(see Monetary and fiscal fuel is powering expansion). nearly 200% including dividends since the star t of 2022,
 we believe the sector still has tailwinds. European banks
S till ‘less expensive’, if not outright cheap trade at a reasonable price-to-book ratio of 1.1x, well
European valuations remain attractive relative to US below their pre-global financial crisis average, and offer
equities and other assets. The MSCI Europe ex-UK a robust shareholder yield ( buybacks plus dividends)
Index is the only major equity index with a 12-month of 8%. Profit growth has been more than double that of
forward P/E ratio currently below its star t-2022 level the broad index since 2019, and revisions to consensus
(see Exhibit 20). European multiples are currently 35% 2026 EPS forecasts show continued strength. Stronger
lower than in the US, close to all-time wides. Yet the nominal growth and steeper yield curves than in the
earnings growth gap between the two regions is 2010s should fur ther suppor t bank earnings.

1 GSK , Roche, ASML, Nestle, Novar tis, Novo Nordisk, L’Oréal, LVMH, AstraZeneca, SAP and Sanofi.

 Exhibit 19: Expor ters and commodities were a major drag Exhibit 20: Europe is rare in seeing no valuation
 on 2025 earnings expansion since 2022
 2025 earnings es timates Return decomposition since star t-2022
 Index level, rebased to 100 on 31 October 2024 %, sources of total return in local currency
 105 100

 100 80

 95 60

 90 40

 85 20

 80
 0
 75
 70 -20
 Nov ’24 Jan ’25 Mar ’25 May ’25 Jul ’25 Sep ’25 Nov ’25Japan US UK EuropeEM China
 ex-UK
 STOXX Europe 600 Domestic sectors Exporting sectors Change in earnings expectations Change in multiple
 Commodity sectors Dividends Total return

 Source: IBES, LSEG Datastream, STOX X, J.P. Morgan Asset Source: F TSE, IBES, LSEG Datastream, MSCI, S&P Global, Tok yo Stock
 Management. Domestic sectors are those with more than 50% of E xchange, J.P. Morgan Asset Management. China, EM and Europe
 revenues generated within Europe. E xpor ting sectors are those with ex-UK are MSCI. Japan: TOPIX; UK: F TSE 100; US: S&P 500. Returns are
 less than 50% of revenues generated within Europe. Data as of 31 shown in local currency (Europe ex-UK in EUR), with the exception of
 October 2025. EM which is in US dollars. Multiple is price to 12-month for ward
 earnings and earnings expectations are 12-month for ward, as
 published by IBES. Past per formance is not a reliable indicator of
 current and future results. Data as of 31 October 2025.

 14 Investment Outlook 2026 | Fuel in the engine

## Page 15

China: The AI investment case at a more
 reasonable price
 We are modestly positive on China. While the Chinese
Europe’s defence firms are expected to market has rallied nearly 80% since its low in early 2024,
grow their earnings much faster than we believe that the bull market can continue, albeit
 at a more moderate pace, driven by both earnings
their US peers over the nex t few years. and valuations.
When compared to the recent grow th Focus on tech and expor ters
in militar y spending, recent valuation The fundamental backdrop is improving for Chinese
expansion appears more reasonable. equities, powered by the tech sector. Consensus
 forecasts expect MSCI China EPS growth to pick up
 from 2% in 2025 to 15% in 2026, and maintain this
S econd, fiscal beneficiaries look set to do well. strength in 2027, well above last decade’s average
The European Union plans to release significant funds of 10%. Technology firms are key drivers of this profit
over the coming years for defence, power security growth: consensus 2026 EPS forecasts for China’s
and infrastructure. Companies in these sectors have tech sector have been revised up 4% this year, and
surged: a basket of European defence names is up annualised earnings growth over the nex t two years is
over 100% year to date, and capital goods firms involved expected to be over 30%. Chinese tech stocks trade on
in AI infrastructure and utilities have also gained lower multiples than their US counterpar ts (25x vs. 31x
strongly. We believe this rally has fur ther to run, as in forward earnings) yet are expected to deliver stronger
our view investors are still sceptical about the delivery earnings growth.
of European spending. Europe’s defence firms are Chinese tech firms are also well positioned to take
expected to grow their earnings much faster than their advantage of future AI development. In a recent
US peers over the nex t few years. When compared to the survey, 93% of Chinese par ticipants repor ted using AI
growth in military spending, recent valuation expansion intentionally at work in 2024, compared to 67% in the
appears more reasonable. US. 2 Data centre capacity is expected to grow faster
Third, the GRANOLAS are attractive laggards. These in China than in the US over the nex t few years (see
firms, which represent Europe’s 11 largest stocks across Exhibit 21). We suspect there will be fewer regulatory
the healthcare, staples, tech and luxury sectors, have frictions slowing broad AI integration in China than in
underperformed since early 2022 as yields rose sharply, other countries, which may take a more considered
the euro strengthened, and growth in China slowed. but therefore slower approach.
Now on a 19x forward P/E ratio, the GRANOLAS trade at Chinese tech firms also benefit from state suppor t,
a discount to the S&P 500 and at a smaller premium with the government’s latest five-year plan highlighting
to the rest of Europe than in recent years. They offer a technology as an area of focus. State suppor t has
hedge against shif ts in AI sentiment, as their correlation previously helped Chinese industries such as electric
with the Magnificent S even is low. S ome sector-specific vehicles (EVs) develop astonishing economies of scale
factors may also improve. European luxury companies, which international competitors have been unable to
which have underperformed by c. 25% since the star t of match. Chinese EVs now make up nearly two-thirds
2023, could benefit from a pickup in Chinese demand of global sales (see Exhibit 22), and China’s share of
as an equity rally and housing market recovery help European EV sales sits six times higher than in 2020.
stabilise household wealth. Beyond tech, we are positive on Chinese expor ters

 more broadly. The Chinese government continues
 to provide stimulus to its favoured industries, many
 of which are expor t-oriented such as solar module
 manufacturing. Effor ts to reduce excessive competition
 (‘anti-involution’) may lead to consolidation in high-
 competition sectors such as EVs, suppor ting larger
 companies’ net income margins.

2 Gillespie, N., Lockey, S., Ward, T., Macdade, A ., & Hassed, G. (2025). Trust, Attitudes and Use of Artificial Intelligence: A Global Study 2025 . The Universit y
 of Melbourne and KPMG.

J.P. Morgan Asset Management 15

## Page 16

Exhibit 21: China is expected to build data centres at Exhibit 22: Beijing’s industrial policy often has global
 pace implications
 Forecast grow th in tech data centre installed capacit y Global E V sales
 %, 2024 to 2030e Millions
 250 20

 200 16

 150 12

 8
 100

 4
 50
 0
 0 ’15 ’16 ’17 ’18 ’19 ’20 ’21 ’22 ’23 ’24
 Europe US ChinaChinaUSEuropeRest of world

 Source: IE A , J.P. Morgan Asset Management. Data as of 31 October 2025. Source: IE A , J.P. Morgan Asset Management. Data as of 31 October 2025.

Chinese expor ters have also demonstrated their ability O ther emerging markets: E xpor t
to reroute their goods despite global trade headwinds. rerouting a headwind
China’s expor ts have grown strongly in 2025, with Chinese resilience could come at the expense of other
losses in the US more than offset by gains elsewhere, emerging markets (EM): a sustained rise in Chinese
par ticularly to emerging markets (see Exhibit 5 in expor ts to other nations would weigh on EM ex-China
Monetary and fiscal fuel is powering expansion). profits. To become more positive, we would need to
China also holds a dominant position in global supply see stronger earnings growth in the financial and
chains for rare ear th metals, solar modules, lithium commodities sectors. However, with EM central banks
batteries and EVs. Thus, expor t sectors are expected generally easing policy rates, banks are unlikely to drive
to drive MSCI China’s profit growth in 2026, with profits, and commodity prices are expected to remain
consensus EPS growth for the technology and autos stable but low.
sectors sitting at near 40% and over 80% respectively.
Two key risks to our view on Chinese equities are AI One exception to this view is Nor th Asia – S outh Korea,
sentiment and Chinese regulation. If sentiment towards Taiwan and Hong Kong. These markets tend to perform
AI weakens, Chinese tech firms could suffer due to their well when the Federal Reserve is cutting rates, due to
correlation with US tech stocks. And any regulatory their cyclical nature and concentration in long-duration
shif t from Chinese policymakers, similar to late 202 1, sectors, such as technology, capital goods and
could derail the China rally, though this is not our healthcare.
base case.
 Japan equities: Ride reflation, be aware
 of currency risk
 We also see oppor tunities in Japanese equities.
 An improving domestic political environment,
Impor tantly, regional diversification continued corporate reform, strong earnings
 momentum (see Exhibit 23), and room for valuation
does not just mitigate risk; it can also be expansion should suppor t the Japanese market.
return enhancing. However, investors should remain aler t to how yen
 moves could affect returns.

 16 Investment Outlook 2026 | Fuel in the engine

## Page 17

Policy and fundamentals suppor tive We also see strong potential for Japanese banks.
The election of Sanae Takaichi as prime minister on Japanese banks have outperformed the TOPIX since
2 1 October ex tends the relatively suppor tive political 202 1, aided by reflation, but still trade at a price-to-book
backdrop in Japan. The new prime minister ’s pro- ratio of just 1x. Although Takaichi is encouraging the
growth stance, plus her focus on US-Japan cooperation BoJ to keep interest rates low, the bank ’s nex t move is
and national security, was taken positively by markets. still likely a hike, which would suppor t financial sector
Since her election, expectations of hikes from the Bank margins. Earnings revisions for Japanese financials
of Japan (BoJ ) have been pushed out. have been very positive, surpassing those of their
 US peers.
As in Europe, in our view Japanese equity valuations The key risk for Japanese equities remains the yen.
still have room to expand. While current valuations Given 40% of TOPIX revenues come from overseas,
may seem high compared to the past 20 years, this Japanese equity performance is typically negatively
period includes the af termath of the asset price correlated with the yen (see Exhibit 24). For European
bubble, which depressed multiples. Looking at a investors, what is lost via yen moves is of ten gained
broader timeframe, the TOPIX’s forward P/E ratio of on the equity market, and vice versa.
15.8x is well below its average since 1990 (24x), and still
below its Abenomics peak of 16.3x. Rising bond yields
are also benefiting earnings in the financial sector, Conclusion
which makes up about 15% of the TOPIX. We believe diversifying equity por tfolios regionally
Favour defence and banks, watch the yen can both enhance returns and protect against
 concentration risks, par ticularly if AI sentiment turns
Within Japanese equities, we favour defence-related less positive. Outside the US, we see the strongest
stocks, which are set to benefit from increased global oppor tunities in select areas of the European, Japanese
military spending and the new prime minister ’s and Chinese markets with fundamental tailwinds,
hawkish foreign policy stance. Japanese defence- including European and Japanese banks, Chinese tech
related stocks trade on 20x 12-month forward earnings, and expor ters, defence names, and fiscal beneficiaries.
compared to 22x for a US defence basket.

 Exhibit 23: Earnings revisions have been strong in Japan Exhibit 24 : Japanese equity performance has typically
 been negatively correlated with the yen
 Earnings revision ratios TOPIX and the yen vs. US dollar
 %, 13-week ratio of earnings estimate upgrades to downgrades Index level (LHS); JPY per USD (RHS)
 30 3,600 180

 20 3,000 160
 10 Yen depreciating
 2,400 and TOPIX rising 140
 0

 -10 1,800 120

 -20 1,200 100

 -30
 -40 600 80

 -50 0 60
 ’23 ’24 ’25’00 ’03 ’06 ’09 ’12 ’15 ’18 ’21 ’24
 US Europe Japan China TOPIX USDJPY

 Source: LSEG Datastream, MSCI, S&P Global, STOX X, Tok yo Stock Source: LSEG Datastream, Tok yo Stock E xchange, J.P. Morgan Asset
 E xchange, J.P. Morgan Asset Management. China: MSCI China; Management. Past per formance is not a reliable indicator of current
 Europe: STOX X 600; Japan: TOPIX; US: S&P 500. Earnings revision and future results. Data as of 31 October 2025.
 ratios are based on 12-month for ward earnings expectations, as
 published by IBES. Data as of 31 October 2025.

J.P. Morgan Asset Management 17

## Page 18

Don’t be fear ful of private markets

Private markets have grown rapidly over the past
decade. Private market assets under management
have grown five-fold since 2010, reaching over
$13 trillion globally (see Exhibit 25). This expansion
of private capital, which is more opaque than public Put simply, where grow th once
market capital, has prompted concern that problems happened af ter initial public of fering,
may be lingering in the shadows of the financial system.
 it now happens beforehand.
Rapid growth in a financial asset class should attract
scrutiny. But interpreting these developments purely
through the lens of ‘excess’ misses a key par t of Where companies once depended on public markets
the private market story, which is that over the past for capital to grow, they can now access vast pools
two decades, the nature of corporate financing has of private money through venture capital and private
changed profoundly. equity. As a result, a larger par t of the pathway to
 maturity for businesses has shif ted from the public
 to the private domain (see Exhibit 26). What looks like
 exuberance is, in many respects, the reflection of a new
 normal in corporate finance.

 Exhibit 25: Private markets have grown rapidly
 Global private markets assets under management
 USD trillions
 14

 12

 10

 8

 6

 4

 2

 0
 ’00 ’01 ’02 ’03 ’04 ’05 ’06 ’07 ’08 ’09 ’10 ’11 ’12 ’13 ’14 ’15 ’16 ’17 ’18 ’19 ’20 ’21 ’22 ’23 ’24 ’25
 Private equity Private credit

 Source: Preqin, J.P. Morgan Asset Management. Assets under management are the sum of unrealised value and dr y powder. 2025 data is as of
 Q1 2025. Data as of 31 October 2025.

 Exhibit 26: From public to private: How the capital raising model evolved
 St ylised journey from star t-up to large cap public company
 Then

 Star t-up IPO Small Mid Large
 cap cap cap

 Now

 Star t-up Venturecapital Growthequity Buyout IPO Largecap

 Source: J.P. Morgan Asset Management, as of November 2025.

 18 Investment Outlook 2026 | Fuel in the engine

## Page 19

The rise of private markets markets now provide the financing that small- and
To understand the rise of private markets, it helps to mid-cap public markets once supplied. Put simply,
remember how companies used to grow. Two decades where growth once happened af ter a firm’s IPO, it now
ago, a business would typically raise early-stage funds happens beforehand.

from private investors, go public relatively quickly, and Why companies choose to stay private
then continue to scale through the public markets. The shif t to private markets is not primarily about
Amazon, Apple and Google – three of the Magnificent companies being unable to go public. It is more about
S even – all listed within five years of being founded, firms choosing not to. Listing on a public exchange
creating trillions of dollars in value for public market can offer liquidity and visibility, but it also brings a
investors over the decades that followed. higher regulatory burden, greater scrutiny via quar terly

Today, that growth sequence has migrated to the repor ts, and the share price volatility that comes with
private markets. Companies now stay private for longer public markets. For fast-growing companies, staying
and reach far larger scale before listing – if they list private can provide more flexibility and allow longer-
at all. In the late 1990s, the median age of a company term decision making without the pressure of the
at its initial public offering (IPO) in the US was around quar terly repor ting cycle.
five and a half years. In 2024, that had risen to 14 years. Meanwhile, institutional investors – pension funds,
In 1996, there were over 8,000 publicly listed companies insurers, endowments and sovereign wealth funds
in the US; today, there are fewer than 6,000. Over the – have actively sought out private assets to enhance
last decade alone, the number of private ‘unicorns’ their returns. That influx of capital has created a self-
– venture capital-backed star t-ups valued at over reinforcing ecosystem. More capital leads to larger
$1 billion – has increased eight-fold. private market deals; larger deals enable companies

This trend towards listing publicly much later to remain private for longer ; and the resulting private
has been made possible by the growth of capital market expansion attracts yet more capital. It is this
available in private markets. The venture capital and structural migration of capital that explains much of the
growth equity markets have grown as technology, growth in private markets.
healthcare and consumer innovations have created
new investable oppor tunities. ‘Buyout’ funds have
expanded, to allow companies in venture capital or
growth equity por tfolios to be sold multiple times while
remaining private. Together, these areas of the private

 Exhibit 27: The majority of private equity activity is still in
 small to medium-sized companies
 US private equit y investments by size
 %, annual share of total investments, 2008-2025
 60

 50
 Private equit y valuations are high,
 40 competition for deals remains intense,

 30 and the growing links bet ween private

 20 equit y and private credit mean that
 stress in one corner of the market can
 10 af fect another. But these are risks to

 0 monitor, not evidence of excess.
 <$25M $25-100M $100-500M >$500M
 Range Median Current

 Source: LCD, Pitchbook, J.P. Morgan Asset Management. 2025 data is
 as of Q2 2025. Data as of 31 October 2025.

J.P. Morgan Asset Management 19

## Page 20

Where the grow th really happens: Small and Where the risks lie
mid-market activit y Our view is that the growth of both private equity
A common misconception is that private equity is and private credit has occurred thanks to structural
primarily about very large buyouts – the kind of multi- changes in the nature of corporate financing. This is
billion-dollar transactions that make headlines. not to suggest that private markets are without risk.
The reality is very different, with most of the deal activity Private equity valuations are high, competition for deals
taking place in the small and mid-market areas, remains intense, and the growing links between private
where enterprise values (a company’s market cap plus equity and private credit mean that stress in one corner
its outstanding debt) are typically below $500 million of the market may spread into another. However, in our
(see Exhibit 27). view these remain risks to monitor, rather than evidence
In this par t of the private equity market, creating value of excess.
is less about financial engineering and more about Star ting with valuations, global buyout multiples
improving company operations. Firms benefit from (EV/EBITDA)2 for mid-market companies are below
access to well-established and experienced private their 202 1 peak but still above long-term averages
equity managers that help improve and expand their (see Exhibit 28), at around 13x. That implies less room
product offerings, reduce costs, and reach greater for multiple expansion to drive private equity returns,
scale by entering new geographies. making returns more dependent on rising earnings
 growth and operational improvements. Yet relative to
Private credit: The other half of the stor y public markets, private market valuations are not out
The expansion of private credit 1 is due to many of the of line: the median EV/EBITDA multiple for the S&P 500
same forces that have reshaped private equity. Greater last year was approximately 14x. In other words, private
regulation af ter the global financial crisis led banks equity valuations are high, but nonetheless in line with
to retrench from lending markets. This opened the public market comparators.

door for non-bank lenders to fill the gap in corporate The rise of private equity ‘continuation vehicles’ has
financing, par ticularly in the small and mid-market also been cited as a cause for concern about private
where banks once dominated. Over time, such direct markets, given their rising share of global private equity
lenders have become an essential source of capital exits (see Exhibit 29). A continuation vehicle is a new
across company’s lifecycles. fund set up by a private equity manager to hold on to
Much of the capital raised in private credit markets today one or more por tfolio companies beyond the life of
is lent to private equity-backed companies, effectively the original fund. S ceptics argue that the increasing
providing the private debt counterpar t to private equity use of continuation vehicles reflects managers trying
capital. Private credit allows companies to refinance to hide problems with por tfolio companies, problems
loans, change the mix of their financing, and expand preventing those companies being sold on at the
without turning to public markets. For investors, private private equity manager ’s desired valuation.

credit offers an attractive yield pickup over public credit Again, we think this scepticism about continuation
in exchange for providing patient, long-term capital. vehicles misses the point. While continuation vehicles
Private credit ser ves two dif ferent purposes within do allow private equity managers to hold assets for
private markets. First, it provides grow th financing longer, to avoid selling in a depressed market, they do
– loans to companies looking to expand, invest or not simply represent managers ‘selling assets to
refinance. Second, private credit can help finance themselves’. In almost all cases, a continuation vehicle
buyouts – that is, it can supply loans to finance private transaction requires an independent secondary buyer
equit y groups acquiring a company. Today, around to validate the valuation and commit new capital.
90% of US mid-market buyouts are financed by private These secondary buyers are typically sophisticated
credit, up from around 50% in 2017. It’s this lat ter trend institutional investors or dedicated secondary funds,
– the financing of private equit y buyouts through private who will conduct full due diligence on a por tfolio
credit – that has drawn recent scrutiny. company before agreeing to get involved.

1 Private credit is a broad asset class that can encompass several t ypes of non-bank lending. Here, unless other wise specified ‘private credit’ refers to
 direct lending, where lenders other than banks make loans to companies without intermediaries – the largest component of the broader ‘private credit’
 asset class.
2 The ratio of a firm’s enterprise value (E V, a company’s market cap plus its outstanding debt) to its EBITDA (earnings before interest, ta x, depreciation
 and amor tisation).

20 Investment Outlook 2026 | Fuel in the engine

## Page 21

Exhibit 28: Valuations in private markets don’ t look out of Exhibit 29: PE companies using continuation vehicles
 kilter with public markets isn’ t necessarily cause for concern
 Private company buyout multiples vs. S&P 500 Continuation vehicles as a share of global PE exit activit y
 x , median E V/EBITDA ratio, trailing 12-month multiple %
 18 20

 16

 14 15

 12

 10 10

 8

 6 5

 4
 ’14 ’15 ’16 ’17 ’18 ’19 ’20 ’21 ’22 ’23 ’240
 Small cap Mid market Large cap S&P 500 ’20 ’21 ’22 ’23 ’24 ’25

 Source: LCD, Pitchbook, S&P Global, J.P. Morgan Asset Management. Source: Dealogic, Jef feries, J.P. Morgan Asset Management. 2025 is
 E V/EBITDA is the ratio of enterprise value to earnings before interest, as of H1 2025. Sponsor-backed exit deal volume estimates are from
 ta xes, depreciation and amor tisation. Data as of 31 October 2025. Dealogic and include M& A and IPO proceeds. Percentage represents
 continuation vehicle transaction volume divided by sponsor-backed
 exit deal volume. Data as of 31 October 2025.

Most recent secondary (continuation) deals have been Conclusion
priced at small, single-digit discounts to the company’s All told, we remain constructive on private equity and
net asset value, well within typical valuation ranges. private credit.
During a period when IPO and merger and acquisition
activity in public markets has been slow, continuation In private equity, falling US interest rates will make
vehicles have offered liquidity and price discovery in borrowing cheaper, helping boost returns and
the private markets, giving private investors options. suppor ting current valuations. The small and mid-
Again, we think the rise of private equity continuation market segments of the private equity market, along
vehicles simply represents another example of how the with secondaries (continuation vehicles), still offer
system of corporate financing is developing. investors attractive ways to access the ar tificial
The growing interconnectedness of private equity intelligence theme at more reasonable valuations,
and private credit is another area of debate. It is true potentially at discounts to net asset value. In Europe,
that private equity and private credit are increasingly more fragmented financing markets and less strident
inter twined, with private credit of ten financing private competition to lend make private markets a compelling
equity buyouts, or suppor ting private equity por tfolio source of potential alpha. European private markets’
companies with refinancing. relatively higher weight to technology than public equity
 indices is also attractive.
However, private credit investors are receiving a good In private credit, declining US interest rates will ease
fee for these services. There are high star ting yields on debt servicing costs, helping mitigate some default
offer in private credit markets, of ten in the low double risk even as this gradually compresses headline yields.
digits for senior ( highest priority for repayment) direct As always, investors should diversify across managers
lending. This provides a meaningful buffer against and vintages ( the year a loan or fund was originated )
potential losses. Even if default rates were to rise to help reduce concentration and idiosyncratic risk.
modestly, historically strong recovery rates would Within private credit, combining direct lending with
help offset much of the downside. It would take a exposure to infrastructure and real estate debt can
severe and prolonged deterioration in private equity broaden investors’ sources of return, while allocations
por tfolio companies to generate material losses within to oppor tunistic or distressed debt funds may prove
private credit. valuable if a material economic slowdown results in
 market stress.

J.P. Morgan Asset Management 21

## Page 22

Protect against derailment

As we lay out in Monetary and fiscal fuel is powering Such a scenario could push the US economy towards
expansion, unprecedented ‘peacetime’ stimulus recession, prompting the Federal Reserve (Fed ) to cut
is suppor ting both the economy and risk assets. rates sharply. During the dotcom bubble and the global
Investors face two key risks should all this excess financial crisis, long-dated US Treasuries delivered
create problems: a major shif t in ar tificial intelligence returns of 29% and 17% respectively (see Exhibit 30).
(AI) sentiment, and the resurgence of inflation. In this In the bursting of the tech bubble, high-quality, long-
chapter, we examine the strategies available to duration corporate bonds also offered protection.
investors who wish to mitigate against these risks. Non-US investors should also consider currency

 movements. The US dollar typically strengthens during
What if it is a bubble? market stress but given the leading role of US firms in
As discussed in Navigate tech concentration carefully, the AI story, its safe-haven status is not assured in this
we simply don’ t know at this stage what the end demand scenario. Depending on hedging costs, long-duration
for AI will be and whether the large-cap tech companies local government bonds could be an alternative to US
will be able to sustain the supernormal profits that Treasuries, though the return potential from falling
the market expects. Investors who are concerned that yields in the eurozone and the UK is likely lower than in
these highly valued companies may not meet long-term the US.
growth expectations have two main hedging options.

High-quality, long-duration bonds should provide a
substantial buffer in the event of a tech and AI-driven
crisis, which would be deeply disinflationary. If demand
for AI infrastructure is overestimated and the return on High- qualit y, long- duration bonds
this investment disappoints, we could see overcapacity, should provide a substantial buf fer in
falling prices, shrinking margins, and lower investment,
echoing the early 2000s. Stock prices would fall, driving the event of a tech and AI-driven crisis.
negative wealth effects, and consumer spending would
contract. Private markets would also be affected, as
36% of private equity and 25% of private credit are
exposed to tech.

 Exhibit 30: Bond prices should rise meaningfully in the event of a tech crash
 US fixed income returns during equit y market sell-of fs
 %, total return during the period when the S&P 500 was falling
 30

 25

 20

 15

 10

 5

 0

 -5

 -10
 Dotcom crash Global ﬁnancial crisis
 US Aggregate US Treasuries Long-duration US Treasuries US investment grade corporates

 Source: Bloomberg, LSEG Datastream, S&P Global, J.P. Morgan Asset Management. Dotcom crash: Aug ’00 to Sep ’02; global financial crisis: Oct
 ’07 to Feb ’09. US Treasuries: Bloomberg US Aggregate - Treasuries; Long-duration US Treasuries: Bloomberg US Treasur y: Long (10+ years); US
 investment grade corporates: Bloomberg US Aggregate - Corporate. Past per formance is not a reliable indicator of current and future results.
 Data as of 31 October 2025.

22 Investment Outlook 2026 | Fuel in the engine

## Page 23

Investors should also think about the concentration acute shock or instead a chronic creep, with different
risks within global equities. The tech and assets best positioned in each scenario.
communication services sectors now account for 37%
of the MSCI All Country World Index. Acute inflation: Lessons from 2022
Simply diversifying outside of tech and tech-related As previously discussed, we are wary of the potential
sectors is insufficient. An AI slowdown would have for fiscal largesse to trigger a resurgence of inflation.
broad economic implications, and valuation risks Tax rebates from the One Big Beautiful Bill, and
are widespread. Cyclical sectors offered protection possible fur ther stimulus ahead of the midterms,
during the dotcom era. However, since 2022, cyclical could stimulate demand-driven price pressures in the
sector valuations (excluding technology sectors) have US economy. Also, while the current trajectory for trade
expanded from 13x to 22x 12-month forward earnings, policy appears more benign, the full inflationary impact
leaving these sectors vulnerable if an oversupply of AI of tariffs is yet to be felt, and there remains the risk of
infrastructure slows growth. fur ther supply-side disruptions from new US tariffs or
 par tner retaliation.
Defensive sectors, af ter a period of underperformance, In this scenario, the Fed could be forced to halt its
now sit on undemanding valuations. Their earnings cutting cycle and potentially hike rates to maintain
are also less tied to tech infrastructure build out credibility. Rising bond yields would force broad asset
and economic activity more generally, making these repricing, hur ting public markets.
sectors better insulated from any tech downturn (see
Exhibit 31). Por tfolios with a high share of defensive Real assets such as timber and core infrastructure
stocks should therefore prove relatively resilient if AI would offer the best protection during an acute inflation
exuberance fades. shock (see Exhibit 32). Traditional inflation diversifiers,
 such as real estate and inflation-linked bonds,
Largesse induced inflation struggle as income adjustments lag behind capital
The second key risk is inflation. Loose fiscal policy losses, while the commodity-heavy FTSE 100 would
is pressuring bond markets with rising supply likely outperform other equity markets.

and deteriorating sovereign creditwor thiness.
Government consumption can fuel inflation if it
coincides with strong private demand or supply
shor tages. Such inflation could take the form of an

 Exhibit 31: Defensive stocks should also protect in the event of a tech bust
 Global sector per formance during equit y market sell-of fs
 %, total return in USD during the period when the S&P 500 was falling
 0
 -10
 -20
 -30
 -40
 -50
 -60
 -70
 -80
 -90
 Dotcom crash Global ﬁnancial crisis
 MSCI World Defensives MSCI World Cyclicals ex-tech sectors MSCI World tech sectors
 MSCI World High Dividend MSCI World

 Source: LSEG Datastream, MSCI, S&P Global, J.P. Morgan Asset Management. Dotcom crash: Aug ’00 to Sep ’02; global financial crisis: Oct ’07 to
 Feb’09. Defensives: consumer staples, healthcare and utilities; C yclicals ex-tech sectors: energy, materials, industrials, consumer discretionar y,
 financials and real estate; tech sectors: information technology and communication ser vices. Past per formance is not a reliable indicator of
 current and future results. Data as of 31 October 2025.

J.P. Morgan Asset Management 23

## Page 24

Chronic inflation: Erosion of real returns for gold as international reserve managers diversified
Inflation could prove less of a shor t, sharp shock and away from the dollar.
more of a creeping problem, as each year closes out However, gold’s performance as a diversifier against
with yet another modest target miss. Governments acute inflation shocks is mixed. Average returns are
were very successful in the 1950s and 1960s at inflating boosted by strong performance in the late 1970s when
away their debt via a series of small inflation surprises: investors were already hyper-focused on inflation, but
nominal interest rates below nominal GDP growth returns were negative when inflation spiked in 1990
slowly shif ted the burden of debt away from taxpayers and 2022 as inflation surprised markets. This mixed
and towards bondholders, whose returns were eaten performance raises the risk that investors looking to
away by inflation. gold for protection against an inflation shock could
With chronic inflation, the risk is therefore a gradual be disappointed.
erosion of real returns rather than rapid repricing.
Historically, in periods of chronic, creeping inflation Conclusion
real estate outperformed stocks, while inflation-linked Our base case is that monetary and fiscal fuel
bonds outperformed their nominal counterpar ts continues to power an economic expansion. But there
(see Exhibit 33). Without sharp upfront capital losses, is a risk that policy ‘excess’ leads to either an asset
the inflation adjustments inherent in these two assets’ bubble, or inflation. Investors should think carefully
income streams can help protect real returns. about building up protection against these outcomes.

Gold is another asset to consider. In chronic inflation To protect against a fall in tech stocks, investors
scenarios, its store-of-value proper ties make it an should consider high-quality, long-duration bonds and
impor tant por tfolio diversifier. It also serves as a hedge defensive equity sectors. To protect against inflation
against concerns around US institutional credibility, risk, investors should allocate adequately towards
or fiat currency risks. If US institutional credibility was alternative assets, which should suppor t a por tfolio
called into question, this would likely suppor t demand whether inflation is acute or chronic.

 Exhibit 32: 2022 showed us that protection against Exhibit 33: Traditional diversifiers work better for chronic
 inflation shocks is best found in alternatives inflation
 Selected public and private market returns in 2022 Selected asset class returns by inflation regime
 %, total return in USD %, average three-year annualised total returns
 Commodities 20
 Timber
 Transport 16
 Infrastructure
 US core real estate
 Direct lending 12
 Gold
 Private equity
 Europe core real estate 8
 Hedge funds
 Global high yield 4
 MSCI Europe
 Global Aggregate
 S&P 500 0
 Venture capital 1.5-2.5% 2.5-3.5%>3.5%
 Global inﬂation-linked Inﬂation regime
 -30 -20 -10 0 10 20US TreasuriesS&P 500GoldReal estate
 Fixed income Equity Alternative Inﬂation-linked bonds

 Source: Bloomberg, Burgiss, Clif f water, FactSet, HRFI, LSEG Source: Bloomberg, BLS, LSEG Datastream, NCREIF, S&P Global,
 Datastream, MSCI, NCREIF, S&P Global, J.P. Morgan Asset Management. J.P. Morgan Asset Management. Inflation: headline CPI; US Treasuries:
 Bond and commodit y indices are Bloomberg except high yield, which is Bloomberg US Aggregate - Treasur y; Real estate: NCREIF National
 ICE BofA Global High Yield. Hedge funds: HRFI Fund Weighted Proper ty Index; Inflation-linked bonds: Bloomberg US TIPS. Inflation
 Composite; US core real estate: NCREIF Proper t y – Open End Diversified regimes are defined using the three-year annualised grow th in CPI,
 Core Equit y; Europe core real estate: MSCI Global Proper t y Fund – and exclude periods of disinflation. Returns data star ts in 1976, except
 Continental Europe; Direct lending: Clif f water; Infrastructure: MSCI for inflation-linked bonds which star t in 1997. Past per formance is not
 Global Quar terly Infrastructure Asset (equal-weighted); Timber: NCREIF a reliable indicator of current and future results. Data as of 31
 Timberland Total Return. Private equit y and venture capital are time- October 2025.
 weighted returns from Burgiss. Past per formance is not a reliable
 indicator of current and future results. Data as of 31 October 2025.

 24 Investment Outlook 2026 | Fuel in the engine

## Page 25

Scenarios and risks

With more fuel being added to the economic engine, global activity should broaden out across regions in 2026.
We expect the US economy to be suppor ted by positive wealth effects, rate cuts and ongoing ar tificial intelligence
(AI) capital expenditure. European growth should accelerate against a backdrop of monetary and fiscal suppor t.

There are, however, downside market risks to be aware of. If technology stocks falter, this could lead to major market
and economic ramifications. Inflationary pressures could also prove frustratingly stick y. Well-diversified por tfolios
are essential to protect against both the risk that growth weakens if tech sentiment sours, as well as the risk that
inflation picks up by more than expected.

 Base case: Global grow th broadens

 Macro: Economic activity broadens across geographies. European growth surprises to the upside and
 narrows the gap with US growth in 2026 amid considerable fiscal stimulus and ongoing suppor t from
 prior rate cuts. The US expansion continues, suppor ted by fur ther easing from the Federal Reserve (Fed ).
 China’s economy is boosted by a stabilisation in the proper ty market, while policymakers suppor t growth in
 domestic AI technology.

 Markets: Equity diversification is essential across the AI ecosystem and across regions, as well as across
 public and private markets. With the US dollar falling fur ther against a broad basket of currencies, albeit in
 an orderly fashion, non-US investors should weigh the impact that currency moves might have on returns.
 Lower US rates suppor t private equity and private credit.

 Downside risk: Inflation resurges

 Macro: Inflation accelerates, either acutely or slowly as prints creep upward. Acute inflation could occur
 if tariffs’ effects on US inflation turn out to be larger than feared, as companies pass on higher costs to
 a resilient consumer. Income tax refunds in early 2026, alongside any fur ther tax cuts in the run-up to
 the midterm elections, would worsen the inflation problem. Chronic, creeping inflation could result from
 persistent fiscal deficits and questions about Fed independence.

 Markets: A negative environment for stocks, with interest rate-sensitive sectors hit hardest. Rising yields in
 core fixed income lead to losses as stock-bond correlations remain positive. In an acute inflation scenario,
 real assets, such as timber and core infrastructure, would offer the best protection. In a chronic inflation
 scenario, gold is an impor tant por tfolio diversifier.

 Downside risk: Tech stocks falter

 Macro: AI sentiment sours, as it becomes clear that the demand for AI infrastructure was overestimated.
 This leads to overcapacity, falling prices and shrinking margins, as the return on investment of AI capex
 disappoints. US economic growth slows as AI-related spending stalls and a sell-off in stocks leads to
 negative wealth effects for US households.

 Markets: A very negative environment for equities, par ticularly for the US. Defensive stocks outperform
 cyclicals and the negative stock-bond correlation returns. By contrast, this is a positive environment for
 high-quality, long-duration fixed income. However, private equity and private credit struggle given their
 tech exposure.

J.P. Morgan Asset Management 25

## Page 26

Upside risk: Productivit y boom

 Macro: Growth accelerates meaningfully, driven by an AI-induced productivity boom. Inflation is kept in check
 by rising productivity and, potentially, lower energy prices on the back of a Russia-Ukraine resolution. This
 allows central banks to cut interest rates more aggressively than currently priced by markets.

 Markets: A very positive environment for stocks globally. Fixed income also sees strong returns, as policy rates
 move lower and credit spreads tighten to new record levels.

26 Investment Outlook 2026 | Fuel in the engine

## Page 27

Author s

 Karen Ward
 Chief Market S trategist Tilmann Galler Lucía Gutiérrez-Mellado
 EME A Global Market S trategist Global Market S trategist

 Maria Paola Toschi Hugh Gimber Lilia Pey tavin
 Global Market S trategist Global Market S trategist Global Market S trategist

 Aaron Hussein Ma x McKechnie
 Global Market S trategist Global Market S trategist

 Natasha May Zara Nokes
 Global Market Analyst Global Market Analyst

The Market Insights programme provides comprehensive data and commentary on global markets without reference to products. Designed as a tool to
help clients understand the markets and support investment decision-making, the programme explores the implications of current economic data and
changing market conditions. For the purposes of MiFID II, the JPM Market Insights and Por t folio Insights programmes are marketing communications and
are not in scope for any MiFID II / MiFIR requirements specifically related to investment research. Fur thermore, the J.P. Morgan Asset Management Market
Insights and Portfolio Insights programmes, as non-independent research, have not been prepared in accordance with legal requirements designed to
promote the independence of investment research, nor are they subject to any prohibition on dealing ahead of the dissemination of investment research.
This do cument is a general communic ation b eing provide d for informational purp o ses only. It is e duc ational in nature and no t designe d to b e taken as advice
or a recommendation for any specific inves tment produc t, s trategy, plan feature or other purpose in any jurisdic tion, nor is it a commitment from J.P. Morgan
Asset Management or any of its subsidiaries to par ticipate in any of the transactions mentioned herein. Any examples used are generic, hypothetical and
for illustration purposes only. This material does not contain suf ficient information to suppor t an investment decision and it should not be relied upon by
you in evaluating the merits of investing in any securities or products. In addition, users should make an independent assessment of the legal, regulator y,
ta x, credit, and accounting implications and determine, together with their own financial professional, if any investment mentioned herein is believed
to be appropriate to their personal goals. Investors should ensure that they obtain all available relevant information before making any investment. Any
forecasts, figures, opinions or investment techniques and strategies set out are for information purposes only, based on cer tain assumptions and current
market conditions and are subject to change without prior notice. All information presented herein is considered to be accurate at the time of production,
but no warrant y of accuracy is given and no liabilit y in respect of any error or omission is accepted. It should be noted that investment involves risks, the
value of investments and the income from them may fluctuate in accordance with market conditions and ta xation agreements and investors may not get
back the full amount invested. Both past per formance and yields are not a reliable indicator of current and future results. J.P. Morgan Asset Management
is the brand for the asset management business of JPMorgan Chase & Co. and its af filiates worldwide. To the ex tent permit ted by applicable law, we may
record telephone calls and monitor electronic communications to comply with our legal and regulator y obligations and internal policies. Personal data
will be collected, stored and processed by J.P. Morgan Asset Management in accordance with our privacy policies at am.jpmorgan.com/global/privacy .
This communication is issued by the following entities: In the United States, by J.P. Morgan Investment Management Inc. or J.P. Morgan Alternative Asset
Management, Inc., both regulated by the Securities and E xchange Commission; in Latin America, for intended recipients’ use only, by local J.P. Morgan
entities, as the case may be.; in Canada, for institutional clients’ use only, by JPMorgan Asset Management (Canada) Inc., which is a registered Por t folio
Manager and E xempt Market Dealer in all Canadian provinces and territories except the Yukon, an Investment Fund Manager in British Columbia, Ontario,
Quebec, and New foundland and Labrador, and a derivatives adviser in Ontario and Quebec. In the United Kingdom, by JPMorgan Asset Management
(UK) Limited, which is authorized and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority; in other European jurisdictions, by JPMorgan Asset Management
(Europe) S.à r.l. In Asia Pacific (“APAC”), by the following issuing entities and in the respective jurisdictions in which they are primarily regulated: JPMorgan
Asset Management (Asia Pacific) Limited, or JPMorgan Funds (Asia) Limited, or JPMorgan Asset Management Real Assets (Asia) Limited, each of which
is regulated by the Securities and Futures Commission of Hong Kong; JPMorgan Asset Management (Singapore) Limited (Co. Reg. No. 197601586K ), this
adver tisement or publication has not been reviewed by the Monetar y Authority of Singapore; JPMorgan Asset Management ( Taiwan) Limited; JPMorgan
Asset Management (Japan) Limited, which is a member of the Investment Trusts Association, Japan, the Japan Investment Advisers Association, Type II
Financial Instruments Firms Association and the Japan Securities Dealers Association and is regulated by the Financial Services Agency (registration
number “Kanto Local Finance Bureau (Financial Instruments Firm) No. 330”); in Australia, to wholesale clients only as defined in section 761A and 761G of
the Corporations Act 2001 (Commonwealth), by JPMorgan Asset Management (Australia) Limited (ABN 5514 3832080) (AFSL 376919). For all other markets
in APAC, to intended recipients only. For U.S. only: If you are a person with a disabilit y and need additional suppor t in viewing the material, please call us at
1-800-3 4 3-1113 for assistance.
Copyright 2025 JPMorgan Chase & Co. All rights reser ved.
Image source: Shut terstock
LV– JPM57187 | 11/25 | EME A | 4 611d74 3-c0a0-11f0-8274 -e5d23d527358
