Source file: lgt_capital_partners_-_investment_outlook_2026.pdf
Source path: outlooks/lgt_capital_partners_-_investment_outlook_2026.pdf
Type: pdf
Extraction method: pypdf-layout
Extracted at UTC: 2026-03-17T21:46:19.080281+00:00
Page count: 32

---

## Page 1

Crossing boundaries
Investment Outlook 2026

 Discover more: scan the QR code to
 access our expert content and videos

## Page 2

IP protectionism and
 Valuations and market Technology technological arms race
 concentration of big tech

 6 Highlight:
 Crossing
 boundaries in
 2026 and beyond

10 Highlight: Economics
 Preparing investment Breached boundaries of
 portfolios for the planetary ecosystem
 future

30 Highlight:
 How we invest
 our own money

## Page 3

4 Introduction
6 Crossing boundaries in 2026 and beyond
10 Preparing investment portfolios for the future
12 Private equity
16 Private credit
18 Real estate
 20Infrastructure
22 Impact investing
24 Emerging and frontier market debt
26 Hedge funds
28 Insurance-linked strategies
 30 How we invest our own money

 3

## Page 4

Introduction

Human progress has always
been about breaking through
boundaries and pushing the limits of
possibility. For instance, the speed
and implications of technological
innovations spark nearly limitless
imagination, at present. However,
the disruption that we are currently
witnessing is not confined to
technology. Politics has also broken
with established principles, and
government actions are taking on
new forms − challenging existing
norms.

As we cross into unchartered
territory, investors need to prepare
for a world that could look decidedly
different from the past. In our
investment outlook, we discuss
some of these boundary-breaking
developments that are currently
unfolding and explain how we
believe investment portfolios should
ideally be structured for success in
2026 and beyond.

In addition, we take a deep dive into
the segments of the alternative
investment landscape, where LGT
Capital Partners has been active
as a principal investor for over two
decades. We share our observations
and assessments on private equity,
private credit, emerging and frontier
market debt, real estate and
infrastructure, as well as hedge funds
and insurance-linked strategies. We
also highlight recent trends, current
challenges and attractive future
investment opportunities. Finally, we
provide an update on pertinent issues
related to impact investing.

We hope that you will find this
publication to be both insightful and
informative and we invite you to
share your views and ideas with us.
 4

## Page 5

Valuations and market IP protectionism and
 concentration of big tech Technology technological arms race

 AI-driven investment
 strategies

 Shi/f_ting technological
 frontiers
Financial Markets

 Blurring of public and Border violations in
 private markets multipolar world order Politics

 Industrial policies incl.
 direct equity stak es
 Forced global
 rebalancing

 Reﬂationar y policie s
 and ﬁscal dominance

 Social & Environment Economics

 Breached boundaries of
 planetary ecosystem

 5

## Page 6

Crossing boundaries in 2026
and beyond

“Going public”
Rebased share prices, May 2025 = 100, illustrative only – not investment recommendations

 MP Materials Corp Intel Corp Lithium Americas Corp Wingtech Technology Co Ltd
450 1 2 3 4
400
350
300
250
200
 150
100
 50
 May June NovemberJulyAugustSeptemberOctober

 1 MP Materials: Contract with US Department of Defense: o/uniFB00take agreement for magnets and up to 15% equity stake in company

 2 Intel Corp.: US government converts grants to company (from CHIPS Act) into 10% direct equity stake

 3 Lithium Americas: US Department of Energy takes 5% equity stake and participates with 5% in lithium JV project

 4 Nexperia: Dutch government seizes control of a European unit of Chinese chip maker Wingtech Co on national security concerns

Source: LGT Capital Partners, Macrobond

From time immemorial, the public government’s heavy hand. One Alignment with the government’s
sector has influenced or intervened year on, however, we are now evolving policy priorities has now
in the workings of the private merely observing an altered form become a critical success factor
sector. But arguably, government of state-directed capitalism. for business leaders and investors
interference escalated to a new While industrial policies to protect alike. But governments taking
level in the decade following the domestic businesses and/or to direct stakes in companies may
Great Financial Crisis. In the US, achieve national security goals are have crossed a line. Even if this
hopes ran high that a re-elected nothing new, the act of singling measure is being applauded for
President Trump and a Republican out companies one by one in order now, it is unlikely to bode well in
Congress would lighten the to punish or reward them surely is. the long run.

 6

## Page 7

Fiscal dominance of monetary policy?
Net interest expenditures 1 and policy rate 2, for the US
 Interest expenditures Fed Funds Rate

/one.numr in percent of total government revenues; actual and projections from Congressional Budget O/uniFB03ce (CBO)
/two.numr Fed Funds Target Rate actual and implied by Fed Funds Futures (FFF)
Source: LGT Capital Partners, Macrobond

Another worrying development in arrangement is likely to prevail in risking financial instability. This
the US is the Executive Branch’s the US. For the Federal Reserve scenario has not yet materialized
attempt to trespass into the and other central banks around but we are perhaps moving in that
domains of monetary policy. the world, the danger lies less in direction. Averting bond riots and
While central banks are part of a de jure but rather in a de facto debt crises and aiding sovereign
government, their independence is loss of independence. “Fiscal deleveraging will shape monetary
usually enshrined by law and upheld dominance” describes a situation policy in the years to come. As a
by the courts. Notwithstanding where large public debt and deficits result, we could end up with policy
President Trump’s occasional place severe constraints on what rates that are too low and inflation
attacks, this time-tested monetary policy can do without that runs too high.

Border violations
Total number of state-based armed conflicts

 Wa rs Minor conﬂicts

60

50

40

30

20

10

 0
 1950 1960 1970 1980 1990 2000 2010 2020
Source: LGT Capital Partners, Uppsala Conﬂict Data Program (UCDP)

For the most part, geopolitical be the case. With the US no longer few decades, much of the Western
events have only short-lived effects willing to police the world, stable world has become overly reliant on
on economies and markets, even unipolarity has given way to an era the US – as a consumer of goods,
when they are quite dramatic in of unstable multi-polarity. Smaller a source of innovation, a supplier
nature. What matters is whether but more frequent conflicts and of arms and a destination for
the events are symptomatic of a wars are the consequence, possibly investments. As national economies
major shift in the balance of power. with recurring supply shocks. In and businesses seek better
Looking at current developments on this new regime, diversification diversification, so too should global
the global stage, we believe this to becomes paramount. Over the past investors.
 7

## Page 8

Eyes on the prize
AGI competition scoreboard 1

 Reasoning enhanced models Customized models Base LLM
50% Score (human panel = 100%)

40% Gemini 3 Deep Think

30% J. Berman (2025)

20%
 Claude Sonnet 4.5
 10% GPT -4.5

 0%
 1 10 100
 Cost per task in USD
/one.numr ARC-AGI-2 challenges AI systems to demonstrate basic ﬂuid intelligence, high adaptability and e/uniFB03ciency where the performance of a human panel set the benchmark (=100%)
AGI = Artiﬁcial General Intelligence, LLM = Large Language Model
Source: LGT Capital Partners, arcprize.org

The drive to build out artificial to reach or even exceed human- the hyper-scalers and add to
intelligence (AI) is, without doubt, level intelligence carries on and, lingering concerns over returns on
leaving its mark on economic by many measures, still has a investment. While our baseline
data and market performance. long way to go. Here, smaller view is that the buildout push is
We expect this trend to continue, and more targeted models have continuing for now, we also see
as the pursuit of technological outperformed very large language two ways that this could go wrong:
leadership has become an issue models on multiple fronts, a classic over-investment bust or,
of national security and, for many keeping competition alive. This, alternatively, mass disruptions and
businesses, a necessity to survive in turn, may call into question labor displacements on the back of
and thrive. Meanwhile, the quest the massive capex spending of precipitous AI diffusion.

Top-heavy equity markets
Percent over-/undervalued based on a long-term valuation metric 1
 US information technology World (all sectors) World ex US
 150

 100 84%

 50 31%

 0 -5%

 -50

-100
 1996 1998 2000 2002 2004 2006 2008 2010 2012 2014 2016 2018 2020 2022 2024 2026

/one.numr Cyclically adjusted price-earnings ratios (CAPE), growth adjusted, log deviations from long-term median (30Y) of World index
Source: LGT Capital Partners, Bloomberg, Macrobond.

While AI continues to drive the when it comes to efficiency gains US, while Europe lags behind but
rally in risk assets, we will likely outside the technology sector has potential. Moreover, AI itself
see shifts in the market narrative itself. If AI outlays start proving needs to become more efficient,
around this technology. We think their worth, however, the equity especially in terms of its immense
that more weight will be placed rally could continue to broaden computing and energy needs.
on the diffusion, adoption and beyond the US tech sector, Innovation – and disruption –
implementation of AI tools going where market valuations are less therefore need to churn at a fast
forward. Today, a fair amount of demanding. China, for instance, rate, and we recommend a barbell
skepticism abounds both among is pushing hard for fast adoption investment approach (see asset
business leaders and investors and may even be ahead of the allocation chapter).
 8

## Page 9

In need of protection
The nine planetary boundaries
 Planetary boundary High-risk line Status and trends

 Safe operating space Increasing risk High-risk zone

Stratospheric ozone depletion

Increase in Atmospheric Aerosol Loading

Ocean acidiﬁcation

Freshwater change

Land system change

Climate change

Modiﬁcation of biochemical ﬂows

Introduction of novel entities

Change of biosphere integrity

Source: LGT Capital Partners, Planetary Health Check 2025, Potsdam Institute for Climate Impact Research (PIK)

The crossing of planetary defined planetary boundaries the shift towards the right in
boundaries is perhaps the most have now been breached. This governments around the world has
consequential development. means that the changes to the led to a withdrawal of ESG-related
Planetary boundaries are a environment are now too large policies and funding. The private
framework that measures to still be considered in the sector must therefore step up its
and visualizes the impacts of “safe zone” for human society. own efforts. As a firm, we continue
human activities on the earth’s Entering the danger zone could to execute our climate action plan,
ecosystems. According to the entail catastrophic events and and we are building out our suite
latest review 1, seven of the nine irreversible damage. Further, of impact investment solutions.

1 Potsdam Institute for Climate Impact Research and the Stockholm Resilience Centre, Planetary Health Check 2025
 9

## Page 10

Crossing boundaries – preparing
 investment por tfolios for the future

 The LGT Endowment’s approach

 We are currently facing an uncertain environment marked by political upheaval and technological disruption.
 Rising macro-economic volatility and changing financial market regimes are the likely consequences of the many
 boundaries that are shifting or being tested and breached – now and in the future. For investors, it is therefore
 paramount to adapt to this new environment and structure portfolios that are resilient in the face of many short-
 term uncertainties while, at the same time, being able to profit from long-term opportunities.

 In the section below, we set out some of the driving factors that are likely to define the investment environment in
 the coming years. On the opposite page, we outline portfolio measures that we consider crucial when preparing for
 and adapting to a profoundly changed world. As always, we have implemented these convictions ourselves in the
 LGT Endowment (see also “How we invest our own money” on page 30).

 The current macro-economic and financial market environment is characterized by:

 Benign trends... …but also: ….and:

 • Reflationary policies for higher • Government interventionism • Elevated financial asset
 nominal growth • Geopolitical crises and supply valuations and illiquidity risks

 Proposed portfolio measureHow we implement this measure
Cr• Efforts to correct economic shocks • Hold real assets such as real estate and infrastructure• Unstable stock-bond correlations
 Include inﬂation protection • Add to holdings of inﬂ ation-linked bonds
 • Dynamically manage exposure to gold
investment portfimbalances olios for the future
 • Add to holdings of emerging markets equities and bonds
 • Elevated inflation risksDive rsify be yond US on global rebalancing • Focus on small- and mid-sized private equity • High concentration of US assets opportunities in Eur ope and Asia
 • Hedge most US dollar exposure back to base currency
 • A buildout push in AI and • Hedge most foreign exchange ex posures back to base currencyin global investment portfolios
The LGT Endowment’s approach • Desynchronized global business Hedge most foreign currency risk s • Retain residual exposure to diversifying “safe haven” currencies, such as the US dollar or the Japanese yen
 infrastructure • Leave emerging and frontier market FX unhedged to capitalize on the positive interest rate carry
W e ar e curr ently f acing an uncertain envir onment mark ed b y political upheaval and technological disruption. cycles• Reduce high-yield bond quota• A blurring of boundaries between
Rising macr o-economic volati lity and changing ﬁ nancial mark et r egimes ar e the lik ely consequences of the many Reduce unattractive credit exposures• Shi/f_t from hard currency to local currency in EM deb t
boundaries that ar e shi/f_t ing or being tested and br eached – now and in the futu re . F or investors, it is ther ef or e • Shifting possibility frontiers in • Favor Specialty Finance over Direct Lending in private creditasset classes
par amount to adapt to this new envir onment and structur e portf olios that ar e r esilient in the fa ce of many short-Barbell exposure to technology • Maintain exposure to large tech platforms in public equity
term uncertainties while, at the same time, being able to pr oﬁ t fr om long- term opportunities.technology• Add to commitments in Venture Capital in private equity

 Bank on AI-driven strategies • Add to hedge fund strategies with an edge in AI/m achine-learning, such as Quantitative Equity
In the section belo w, we set out some of the driving fa ctor s that ar e lik ely to de ﬁ ne the investment envir onment in
the coming years. On the opposite page, we pr opose portfolio measur es that we consider crucial when pr eparing fo r Tap alpha sources across asset class boundaries • Combine exceptional hedge fund alpha with passive equity market beta (portable alpha)
and adapting to a pr of oundly changed world. As always, we have implemented these convict ions ourselves in our • Keep uncorrelated returns sourc es, such as insurance-linked strategies or discretionary hedge funds
ﬂ agship fund, the L GT Endowment (see also “How we invest our own money ” on page 25).Strengthen alternative diversiﬁcation• Implement trading stra tegies with positive convex ity, such as Managed Futures and Dynamic Protection
 programs
The curr ent macr o-economic and ﬁ nancial mark et envir onment is char acterized b y:Monitor for anti-cyclical value opportunities • Set up a system for deep value buying opportunities in liquid asset classes, such as equities, credit or cat bonds
 • Increase commitments to secondaries and co-investments in private markets
 Benign trends... …but also: ….and: • Keep up conservative commitment pace and manager selection in private markets
 Manage illiquidity risks prudently • Keep within limits and bandwidths on illiquid investments
• Re ﬂ ationar y policies fo r higher • Government inte rv entionism• Elevated ﬁ nancial asset• Add semi-liquid structures to improve proﬁ le
 nominal gr ow th• Geopolitical crises and supply valuations and illiquidity risks ss
 Invest with positive impact • Strive for full ESG-integration over the entire investment proce• Seek exposure to dedicated impact investment programs in private debt, public and private equity
• E/uniFB00 o r ts to corr ect economic shock s• Unstable stock -bond corr elations
 imbalances • Elevated inﬂ ation risks • High concentr ation of US assets

• A buildout push in AI and • Desynchr oniz ed global business in global investment portf olios
 in fr astructu re cy cles • A blurring of boundaries between

• Shi/f_t ing poss ib i lit y fr ontiers in asset classes
 technology

 10

## Page 11

Portfolio measure How we implement this measure

 Include inflation • Hold real assets such as real estate and infrastructure
 protection • Add to holdings of inflation-linked bonds
 • Dynamically manage exposure to gold

 Diversify beyond US • Add to holdings of emerging market equities and debt
 on global rebalancing • Focus on small- and mid-sized private equity opportunities in Europe and Asia
 • Hedge most US dollar exposure back to base currency

 • Hedge most foreign exchange exposures back to base currency
 Hedge most foreign • Retain residual exposure to diversifying “safe haven” currencies, such as the US
 currency risks dollar or the Japanese yen
 • Leave emerging and frontier market FX unhedged to capitalize on the positive
 interest rate carry

 Reduce unattractive • Reduce high-yield bond quota
 credit exposures • Shift from hard currency to local currency in EM debt
 • Favor Specialty Finance over Direct Lending in private credit

 Barbell exposure to • Maintain exposure to large tech platforms in public equity
 technology • Add to commitments in Venture Capital in private equity

 Bank on AI-driven • Add to hedge fund strategies with an edge in AI/machine-learning, such as Quan-
 strategies titative Equity

 Tap alpha sources • Combine exceptional hedge fund alpha with passive equity market beta (portable
 across asset class alpha)
 boundaries

 Strengthen • Keep uncorrelated returns sources, such as insurance-linked strategies or discre-
 alternative tionar y hedge funds
 diversification • Implement trading strategies with positive convexity, such as Managed Futures
 and Dynamic Protection programs

 Monitor for anti- • Set up a system for deep value buying opportunities in liquid asset classes, such
 cyclical value as equities, credit or cat bonds
 opportunities • Increase commitments to secondaries and co-investments in private markets

 Manage illiquidity • Keep up conservative commitment pace and manager selection in private markets
 risks prudently • Keep within limits and bandwidths on i lliquid investments
 • Add semi-liquid structures to improve profile

 Invest with positive • Aim to incorporate ESG considerations throughout the investment process
 impact • Seek exposure to dedicated impact investment programs in private debt, public
 and private equity

 11

## Page 12

Private equit y

Robust return drivers While performance has trailed Deal activity seeing a
 public markets since the 2021 peak, rebound but distribution
Looking ahead, you will find private returns have remained steady. yields remain low
equity at a fascinating crossroads. Buyout funds, for example, have
The industry has weathered many continued to deliver strong net Deal activity in private equity
storms − from macroeconomic internal rates of return when has shown promising signs of a
uncertainty and shifting geopolitics assessed over the longer term. rebound, with deal value in 2025 on
to regulatory complexity and Importantly, the main driver of course to surpass the levels seen
evolving investor sentiment − yet returns has shifted from multiple in 2023 and 2024 1. North America
it continues to adapt and thrive. expansion to earnings growth, and Europe have continued to lead
What is driving this resilience? reflecting a more sustainable, global buyout volumes with Q3
Some of the answers can be found operationally focused approach 2025 seeing a sharp uptick. At the
in the industry’s ability to identify to value creation. Going forward, lower end of the market, small and
opportunity in volatility, to innovate strong entry pricing in post-peak mid-market transactions continue
when others hesitate and to focus years (2023-2024) is expected to to show healthy momentum and
on long-term value, even as the support future outperformance. to attract strong investor interest.
world changes at breakneck speed. The availability of credit has also
 remained robust, giving managers

Growing importance of earnings growth to generate performance Margin growth

 11%
Return composition by exit year

100%
 90% Debt paydown

 80%
 70%
 60% Multiple expansion EBITDA growth Revenue

 50% composition growth
 40% (2016-2024 exits) 89%

 30%
 20% EBITDA growth

 10%

 0%
 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 20242016-2024

Trends depicted here are for illustrative purposes, there is no assurance or guarantee that trends will continue.
Source: LGT Capital Partners database, data as of 31 December 2024.

1 Pitchbook, The Q3 2025 Global PE First Look.
 12

## Page 13

flexibility to structure deals and The reopening of the IPO window This normalization suggests a more
pursue growth opportunities. suggests a modest improvement selective LP environment in which
 in market sentiment. That said, established relationships and strong
However, the industry is contending recent listings have mostly featured track records are key to attracting
with a significant build-up of “dry profitable companies and those investors. Small and mid-market
powder” now exceeding USD 1.1 with AI exposure, while the broader buyouts remain especially attractive.
trillion, which is intensifying the pipeline of IPO-ready assets remains These deals are generally more
pressure on managers to deploy sparse. As interest rates become cycle-resilient, benefit from lower
capital. Liquidity also remains a more favorable, IPO activity could entr y multiples and are less reliant
central concern. The median holding gradually pick up, supporting deal- on market timing for successful
period for portfolio companies making and contributing to a recovery exits. However, access to these
has extended beyond six years 1, in distribution yields over time. opportunities is becoming more
and the global buyout market restricted, making strong relationships
now holds over USD 3.1 trillion 2 and deep networks more critical than
in unrealized value. The overall Fundraising crosses ever for investors seeking exposure.
distribution yield across vehicles boundaries
remains well below historical levels, Another notable trend is the
partly fed by persistent mismatches The industry’s long-term growth increasing importance of retail and
between buyer and seller valuation trajectory is intact, with assets wealth management in private
expectations. In response, the under management continuing equity fundraising. High-net-worth
secondary market is booming. to expand. However, the pace of individuals and affluent retail
According to forecasts, transaction fundraising has become more investors are increasingly able to
volumes could exceed USD 200 moderate, as demonstrated by the participate in private equity through
billion in 2025, as both LPs and GPs extended time to final close across semi-liquid funds, feeder structures
seek alternative liquidity solutions. all quartiles. and evergreen vehicles. T h i s c ro s s i n g

Significant decline in distribution yield creates pressure to generate alternative liquidity 3

Trailing last-12-months buyout distribution yield

 29%

 25%

 23% avg. (2017–2021)

 14% avg. (2022–2025) Gap of
 ~9pp

 15%
 13%

 10%

2017 2019 2021 2023 2025
/three.numr Global buyout distribution rate is calculated as distributions as a percentage of net asset value. Trends depicted here are for illustrative purposes, there is no assurance
or guarantee that trends depicted will continue.
Source: LGT Captital Partners, Cambridge Associates, vintage years 2010-2025.

1 Bain & Company, Private Equity Midyear Report 2025.

2 Preqin; data includes Buyout category as defined by Preqin. Data as of 31 December 2024.
 13

## Page 14

of boundaries between different industrials. The ability to back strike a balance between innovation
investor types and liquidity companies early in their growth and robust risk management,
structures is unlocking new pools of trajectory remains a hallmark of ensuring that AI adoption is both
capital, supporting industry growth the asset class, with many now- responsible and sustainable.
and further diversifying the investor established public companies having
base. generated significant value for early
 private investors. The keys to future success
As evergreen and semi-liquid fund
structures become more prevalent, AI is rapidly becoming a defining Looking ahead, the winners in
it is increasingly important to force in private equity. Leading private equity will not just be those
maintain rigorous underwriting private equity firms are not only that deploy capital — but also those
standards. Investors should investing in AI-driven companies that do it with discipline, creativity
carefully assess the quality and but are also embedding AI across and a relentless focus on value. In
sustainability of deals within these their own operations and portfolio a world that is more complex and
vehicles, as some structures may companies. Centralized AI fragmented than ever, success will
include transactions that would enablement teams are supporting belong to those managers that
not typically meet the criteria portfolio companies with data blend deep sector expertise with the
of traditional closed-end funds. science expertise, toolkits and willingness to embrace innovation
Prioritizing long-term value creation playbooks. This allows for replicable and hands-on execution.
and robust fundamentals over value creation in areas such
short-term gains is essential, as customer targeting, pricing The opportunities are there for
avoiding the temptation to pursue optimization, cross- and up-selling those ready to seize them. As buyer
rapid mark-ups. and process automation. and seller expectations finally start
 to align, we are poised for a more
 While the opportunities are dynamic deal environment — one
Accessing the shifting significant, the rapid evolution of AI where constructive partnerships
technology frontier brings new risks. These include the and fresh thinking can unlock new
 potential for model obsolescence, sources of growth. The year ahead
The private equity ecosystem high failure rate on capital will not just present challenges
continues to provide access to invested, data privacy concerns and but will also bring immense
high-innovation sectors, including regulatory challenges. The most opportunities for leading players to
technology, healthcare and successful firms are those that shape the future of private equity.

Private equity provides access to high innovation sectors that are driven by mega-trends

Invested capital across LGT CP managed portfolios by industry

Other
Materials
Consumer staples 32%

Communications 51%

Consumer
discretionary

 Attractive
Industrials incl. characteristics
business services 68%
 Recurring revenues
Financials Strong growth
 49% Lower cyclicality
Healthcare

Information
technology

 2010 2025
Source: LGT Capital Partners’ database. Data as of June 2025.

 14

## Page 15

15

## Page 16

Private credit

The case for diversifying benefit from more conservative software and business services −
into European credit underwriting standards. In contrast, once considered defensive − are
 the US market, although larger experiencing the transformative
Diversification has long been and more liquid, is currently facing impacts of AI, which is reshaping
a central pillar of private tighter credit conditions and business models, driving efficiencies
credit investing. The current elevated default expectations. That and generating pressures that may
macroeconomic environment, said, as relative value can shift, alter margins and positioning. A
geopolitical instability and staying active in both markets well-diversified sector and borrower
rapidly evolving market dynamics allows for flexible allocation and mix helps to insulate portfolios from
underscore its growing strategic helps mitigate local risks across concentrated exposures and allows
importance. Investors must be cycles, regulations and borrower for tactical reallocation to capture
prepared to navigate volatility, behaviors. upside where innovation drives
respond to dislocations and growth.
maintain portfolio resilience through
a multidimensional approach that Adapting to a new (geo) Size segmentation adds another
prioritizes geographic, sector, size political regime layer of resilience. Large businesses
and strategy diversification. are traditionally viewed as more
 Sector diversification is equally stable due to scale, access to
Using direct lending as an example, critical. Certain industries face capital and diversified revenue
we currently see relative value structural headwinds that could streams. However, in a world where
in Europe compared to the US, impact credit performance. Capital protectionism and regionalization
with wider spreads, stronger goods businesses are increasingly are on the rise, national and local
documentation and lower default exposed to tariff risks and supply service providers may offer superior
rates. European companies tend chain disruptions, particularly in a downside protection and even
to operate with lower leverage and deglobalizing world. Meanwhile, benefit from certain tailwinds. They

The European direct lending market remains attractive

 European deals have lower leverage per Default rates remain low… European direct lending spreads remain higher…
 transaction…
 Median leverage/one.numr Avg. spread across US and European direct Default rates /two.numr
 5% 700 lending transactions/three.numr
 5. 4x
 4. 8x 4% 650

 3% 600 E u r o p e

 550
 2% U S
 U S 500
 1% 450

 0% E u r o p e400
 Europe US06/19 06/20 06/21 06/22 06/23 06/24 06/25Q1/23 Q3/23 Q1/24 Q3/24 Q1/25

 …reducing downside risk …with particularly lower levels within Europe …compared to US deals

Source: LGT Capital Partners and
/one.numr ICG research & Market Analysis, as of September 2024, data retrieved in September 2025.
/two.numr Pitchbook LCD, US Morningstar LSTA Leveraged Loan Index and Europe Morningstar LSTA Leveraged Loan Index. Data as of 31 August 2025.
/three.numr KBRA, Data as of March 2025. Data shows US and European direct lending transactions. For illustrative purposes only and reﬂect the market observations of LGT CP.
Trends depicted here are for illustrative purposes, there is no assurance or guarantee that trends depicted will continue.

 16

## Page 17

are less exposed to global trade and Credit secondaries are emerging borrower quality, cash flow stability
more embedded in local economies, as a mechanism for liquidity and and covenant strength, combined
making them attractive when portfolio rebalancing, especially with a focus on situations the lender
cross-border activity is constrained. during periods of market stress. is familiar with. While fundamentals
Smaller businesses also represent As they offer diversification do not eliminate risk, they provide
a highly attractive segment for through older vintages, shorter a framework for informed decision-
bespoke financing solutions, durations and greater visibility making and risk management.
especially as banks retreat from into seasoned portfolios, they This disciplined approach helps
traditional lending. are particularly attractive in investors to navigate complexity
 the current environment. They and maintain confidence in their
 also allow for repricing based on portfolios.
An evolving opportunity underlying performance and enable
set accelerated portfolio build-up, As we look ahead, the private
 making them a highly effective credit market remains attractive,
When navigating shifting markets, complement within existing private but the way forward requires a
flexibility across transaction credit allocations. Investors who can more sophisticated and diversified
types and sub-strategies is dynamically allocate across sub- approach. Geographic, sector
also important. The ability to strategies are better positioned to and size-related diversification
monitor capital flows and pivot capture alpha and manage risk. must be actively managed, while
into areas where capital needs flexibility across transaction
allow for attractive risk-adjusted types and a firm commitment
returns – such as NAV lending, GP Building resilient credit to fundamentals will be key for
financing or credit secondaries portfolios building resilient portfolios. As the
– can unlock value and enhance market evolves, those who embrace
portfolio agility. As private equity Finally, the importance of rigorous a multidimensional strategy will
holding periods extend, fund-level underwriting cannot be overstated. be best positioned to navigate
financing needs are rising, driving Managers must rely on rigorous uncertainty and deliver consistent
demand for innovative structures. credit analysis, focusing on results.

 17

## Page 18

Real estate

Overall, our outlook on the real
estate industry is positive, given
the fundamentals − with supply
and demand generally balanced
and the recent slowdown in new
construction set to further enhance
rental growth going forward.
Occupier demand is also strong
overall, notwithstanding concerns
about tariffs or geopolitical shocks.
And physical obsolescence –
which has historically only been a
theoretical valuation risk – is now
real, resulting in a premium for
modern stock that meets current
occupier preferences.

Real estate in a world of
shifting boundaries

While our general posture is
positive, we believe that the
industry itself is at a crossroads:
transaction volumes continue to in technology that are driving real level (tariffs and geopolitics) that
be muted, capital is slow to return estate profitability. In our view, it is are reshaping trade routes and
to investors and capital raising these advances in technology and potentially also long-term occupier
is difficult as other asset classes the overall “white collar industrial demand in certain segments. There
offer higher-return alternatives. revolution” aided by AI that present are also a number of external
This lackluster market environment an exciting opportunity for the factors, such as climate risk and
reflects recent secular changes real estate industry to transform rising energy costs, that might
in demand (e.g. the impacts of workflows, data pipelines and negatively impact business plans.
work-from-home policies on office decision-making systems and to These challenges, along with
occupancy), interest rate shocks essentially rethink how it does inflected capital structures and an
(largely from the 2022 US rate business. anemic transaction market, mean
hikes) and shifts in geopolitical that investors need to understand
frameworks (especially President macro forces and to potentially
Trump’s “America First” doctrine). Reaffirming the role of reconsider their needs in terms of
In parallel, we see a real estate property investments real estate returns. Are they seeking
industry with continued hyper- an alternative to private equity or
specialization, institutionalization So where does this leave us? There a solid “store of value” that can
of niche asset classes and advances are clear forces at work on a macro provide durable, predictable cash

 18

## Page 19

returns and appreciation? Similarly, incorporate different approaches own approach in private markets,
managers or “practitioners” need to real estate and operations. This opting for public market exposure
to consider what they are delivering will come in many forms but will, in instead. We remain cautious on
to investors. Is the traditional large part, be aided by technological the office sector, where structural
real estate “practice” in an LP-GP transitions. While we see change headwinds persist. However, we see
relationship sufficient to deliver real occurring on different levels above meaningful opportunities in sectors
estate returns or is something else the real estate, we remain convinced underpinned by strong fundamental
needed in the delivery model? that real estate itself – i.e. the demand: residential (where
 physical asset – remains attractive. affordability and demographic
 In this respect, as real estate trends remain supportive), logistics
Our focus in 2026 and fundamentalists, we continue to (particularly in reshoring-exposed
beyond favor supply-constrained markets markets), grocery-anchored retail
 and assets with durable, improvable and certain segments of hospitality.
Going forward, we believe that cash flows. We recognize the strong In short, at a time of parabolic tech
both investors and practitioners will demand for data centers but we valuations, we favor hard assets
seek evolving business models that continue to be cautious with our with steady cash flows.

 19

## Page 20

Infrastructure

An asset class at the energy infrastructure, where Deglobalization and
intersection of secular technology and electrification demographic shifts: new
trends are driving unprecedented capital infrastructure needs
 requirements. Spending on digital
The convergence of a number of infrastructure doubled in 2025, Beyond changes in the areas of
secular trends – primarily digital with hyperscaler capex rising to technology and energy, geopolitical
transformation, the energy USD 300 billion 1 from USD 154 fragmentation and demographic
transition and demographic billion in 2023. This acceleration developments are redefining
change – is redefining reflects AI-driven data center infrastructure priorities. The
infrastructure investing. These expansion, the electrification of regionalization of supply chains
developments are creating an transport systems and industry, is accelerating investment in
energy super cycle and driving and the shift towards onshoring localized logistics, resilient grids
capital needs across sectors. This strategic supply chains. As a and secure data infrastructure,
is not an incremental evolution result, US electricity demand while aging populations and
but rather a systemic shift that is projected to grow by 50% by urbanization are driving demand
requires proactive positioning to 2040, requiring the expansion of for social infrastructure and new
capture growth while preserving electricity generation capabilities, mobility solutions.
capital. major upgrades to power grids
 and flexible energy storage. These
 developments are accelerating Dynamic portfolio
Digitization and the need for resilient and scalable construction and
electrification: the energy infrastructure to support economic diversification
super cycle growth and technological
 innovation. These structural forces are driving
This systemic shift is most visible the expansion of the investable
through the surge in digital and universe beyond legacy core

US electricity demand is projected to increase by +50% by 2040

 Historical demand growth Period of stagnant growth8

 7

 +50% 6

 5

 Data centers & AI 4

 Electriﬁcation of transport
 3
 Onshoring of manufacturing

 2
 1991 1999 2007 2015 2023 2031 2040

Source: Historical data from EIA and electricity demand forecast based ECP materials

1 The Financial Times, Big Tech lines up over $300bn in AI spending for 2025, February 2025
 20

## Page 21

infrastructure sectors such as toll as investors continue to prioritize secondaries can provide attractive
roads, airports and network utilities, inflation mitigation and stable cash net returns, enhanced diversification
unlocking opportunities for core plus flows. Global private infrastructure and shorter duration exposure
and value add investments that assets under management are compared to a pure primar y
offer higher growth potential and projected to exceed USD 2 trillion portfolio, making secondaries a
differentiated risk-return profiles. by 20292, underscoring their valuable complement to traditional
Capturing these opportunities strategic importance in institutional infrastructure exposure.
will require a private equity-like portfolios. In parallel, GP-led
investment approach and dynamic secondaries are gaining traction
portfolio construction, enabling as a viable liquidity tool for GPs, Outlook
investors to position themselves for providing LGT Capital Partners
long-term growth with downside with access to trophy assets with The outlook for infrastructure is
protection while adapting to greater performance visibility. The robust and multi-dimensional.
evolving market needs. segment − estimated at USD 13 The market is being reshaped by
 billion in 20243 − is likely to continue digital transformation, energy
 to play a significant role in the constraints, decarbonization,
Growth drivers and deal overall infrastructure secondary supply chain reconfiguration and
flow market, driven by over USD 1 trillion demographic evolution. Investors
 in unrealized NAV, capital-intensive who adopt dynamic, private
This broader opportunity set is business models and a shift towards equity-like investment strategies
reinforced by strong investment platform-oriented structures. while maintaining a disciplined
needs that are expected to exceed Despite muted M&A activity, robust focus on investing in assets that
USD 100 trillion through 20401, development pipelines and secular provide truly essential services
meaning that private infrastructure themes such as digitization and will be best positioned to capture
is well positioned for sustained energy constraints continue to the most attractive investment
growth and innovation. Fundraising create compelling GP-led secondary opportunities over the coming
activity is likely to remain resilient opportunities. Infrastructure years.

1 McKinsey, Investing in the infrastructure moment, September 2025

2 McKinsey, Global Private Markets Report 2025

3 Campbell Lutyens, Infrastructure market report Q4 2024. Total infrastructure secondaries volume in 2024 estimated at USD 17bn,
approximately 77% of which GP-led secondaries.
 21

## Page 22

Impact investing

Impact investing in a technologies and sustainable
maturing market agriculture, with adaptation seen
 as a rapidly growing trillion-dollar
Impact investing is no longer a investable opportunity for 2026
niche strategy. It is becoming an and beyond.4
integral part of mainstream capital • Healthcare innovation led by tech
markets, with institutional investors and AI: the healthcare sector
increasingly allocating to impact continues to attract impact
strategies. Global impact assets capital, especially in tech-enabled
under management are reported to care and health data platforms.
have surpassed USD 1.5 trillion,1 with AI-driven diagnostics and digital
over 110 new funds launched in 2024 solutions now represent a
alone.2 significant share of healthcare
Key trends shaping the market investments (around one-third
include: of healthcare investment in the
 first half of 2025),5 reflecting
• Regional differences: shifting demographic shifts and the need
 views around sustainability in the for efficiency and preventative
 US have pushed impact investing care.
 activities towards Europe and
 have led to slower fundraising
 and a decline in invested capital.3 Positioning and outlook
 This has prompted a shake-out of
 less effective impact managers. Impact investing remains central for impact as a driver of long-term
 Alongside financial track records, to LGT Capital Partners’ strategy value creation. We will continue
 authenticity, data and proof of as we navigate an environment to focus on sectors where impact
 concept are now even more crucial marked by political uncertainty is tangible and scalable, while
 for continued capital allocation. and uneven macro conditions. applying rigorous frameworks to
• Focus on climate adaptation Looking ahead, we will maintain ensure accountability, transparency
 and resilience: while mitigation our view that the allocation of and credibility across strategies.
 remains a key area of focus for capital to businesses that deliver In addition to the trends outlined
 impact investors, adaptation measurable climate and social above, we expect to pay special
 is gaining prominence due to outcomes is increasingly essential. attention to the following topics in
 rising climate risks. In response Structural changes – such as 2026:
 to climate concerns, investment regulatory pressures, investor • Energy transition: the shift
 is flowing into resilient demand for transparency and towards renewables, including
 infrastructure, water-efficient accelerating technology adoption storage and grid management,
 – continue to reinforce the case

1 GIIN, What you need to know about impact investing, 2025

2 Phenix Capital, Impact Fund Universe Report, 2025

3 PitchBook Data Inc, Geography: Global, The State of Sustainable Investing in the Private Markets. As of December 31, 2024

4 Boston Consulting Group & Temasek, The Private Equity Opportunity in Climate Adaptation and Resilience, 2025

5 Silicon Valley Bank, 2025 Healthcare Industry Trends Report, 2025
 22

## Page 23

is accelerating, supported by also focus on industry guidance Overall, enduring megatrends and
 structural changes in major and expertise in private equity growing investor commitments
 economies and falling costs for to ensure measurable progress, should ensure that impact investing
 solar modules and batteries, even after investment exits. continues to unlock transformative
 thus unlocking new potential for • Data and measurability: caution opportunities in climate, healthcare
 grid stability and electrification. 1 continues to be warranted in and inclusive growth, despite
 Clean technology is now a sectors where impact is hard political headwinds in certain
 primary driver of growth, with to measure or transparency is geographies. With innovation
 the potential for majority lacking. Data quality, cost of around data and transparency, the
 adoption in the coming years. measurement, exit strategies credibility of the sector is expected
• Active engagement: it will be and compliance with regulations to increase further – especially
 essential to continue to support remain key concerns for with regard to its ability to balance
 managers and companies in investors. Efforts to quantify the the generation of returns with the
 pursuing ambitious impact value of impact will be a priority achievements of societal outcomes.

 goals, leveraging tools such in the coming year, particularly
 as impact action plans and as certain pilot efforts have
 ratchets in private debt. We will already been initiated.

1 IEA, Batteries and Secure Energy Transitions, 2025
 23

## Page 24

Emerging and frontier market
debt

Waning US exceptionalism Structural improvements for example, many emerging and
 meet attractive valuations frontier market central banks
For years, global portfolios have raised interest rates earlier
been heavily tilted toward US Despite their diverse nature, than their developed market
assets, supported by foreign many emerging and frontier counterparts, pursuing a more
investors recycling dollars from markets have demonstrated conventional and countercyclical
trade back into US equities and notable macroeconomic and monetary policy, contrary to
bonds − a dynamic that kept institutional progress. Improved previous patterns. Additionally,
the greenback strong despite fiscal discipline, stronger central real yields in many emerging and
a persistent current account bank independence and healthier frontier markets remain attractive
deficit. That cycle is, however, external balances in key economies relative to those in developed
beginning to shift. Even without have contributed to more stable markets, offering investors better
broad selling, a slowdown in sovereign risk profiles. During the income potential and a cushion
foreign purchases could weigh global inflation shock of 2022, against inflation.
on US assets. The previous
environment, characterized
by US dollar strength and Higher real yields for emerging and frontier markets
consistent US outperformance, Real policy yields, general government gross debt in percent of GDP
reduced the perceived need for Frontier markets Emerging markets Developed markets
currency hedging or geographic Egypt
diversification. That safety net no % real policy yield Brazil
longer exists to the same extent. 10
Amid heightened market volatility, Turkey
intensifying geopolitical rivalries
and an increasingly fragmented 8 Nigeria
global landscape, diversification
has become more important
than ever. Investors may benefit 6
from rebalancing their currency Uzbekistan
and country exposures to avoid Costa Rica Uruguay
overreliance on any single market 4 South Africa
or region. This shift is creating Peru India
opportunities for emerging
and frontier markets, which 2
may benefit as investors seek France USA
diversification and asset classes Italy
that are not yet crowded, while at Germany
the same time offering value. 0 50 100 150 200 250

 -2 Japan

 % debt-to-GDP
 Source: IMF, LGT Capital Partners

 24

## Page 25

US dollar weakness as the dollar weakens, funding market economies. At the same
a secular tailwind for costs for emerging and frontier time, local currencies may remain
emerging and frontier market issuers fall, while yields stable or even appreciate against
market debt typically remain relatively high. the greenback, which, in turn,
 As the outstanding USD debt for often softens inflation pressure
 issuers falls in value in relation and may result in central banks
Another factor reinforcing the to their local currency, the debt being able to cut interest rates.
improving case for emerging profile often improves (e.g. debt/
and frontier market debt is the GDP) and this can be followed by For the LGT Endowment (see
recent weakening of the US a positive cycle of credit rating How we invest our own money),
dollar. A combination of threats upgrades, which strongly supports we strategically invest in all three
to the institutional independence hard currency bonds in US dollars. categories (hard currency, local
of the Federal Reserve Bank, Local currency emerging and currency and frontier market
expectations of lower US interest frontier market bonds also benefit. debt) and also have the flexibility
rates and increased hedging A weaker US dollar improves to adjust our exposure tactically
activity by foreign investors external balances (as described and exploit shifts in relative
has led to sustained downward above) and eases debt servicing attractiveness.
pressure on the US dollar. As burdens for emerging and frontier

 25

## Page 26

Hedge funds

Testing the boundaries of managers with the ability to Outlook and positioning
active investing interpret complex policy shifts and
 position themselves accordingly. We remain constructive on
The year ahead will be shaped For instance, long/short equity hedge funds heading into 2026.
by shifting political, economic managers can harness valuation Persistent policy uncertainty,
and technological boundaries, dispersion as sectors respond asynchronous growth paths and
forces that are redirecting differently to policy changes, while faster technological diffusion are
capital flows and creating asset credit and event-driven strategies expected to expand the opportunity
price dispersion across global benefit as companies refinance, set. Discretionary strategies are
markets. This environment opens reshape their balance sheets well placed to navigate policy-driven
up attractive opportunities for a and pursue policy-driven M&A or volatility and idiosyncratic corporate
range of hedge fund approaches. restructurings. dynamics, while systematic programs
Consequently, hedge funds should benefit from greater cross-
remain a core building block of asset dispersion and rising structural
our multi-asset portfolios and Breaking new ground alpha potential.
are expected to deliver absolute through systematic
returns and diversification across innovation A diversified allocation that combines
both discretionary and systematic best-of-breed AI managers with
strategies. Traditional systematic strategies established systematic programs
 rooted in trend-following and and high-conviction discretionary
 macro models have been applied strategies can improve the odds of
Navigating blurred since the 1970s. Alongside these attractive, risk-adjusted absolute
political and market lines strategies, AI-based approaches returns with low correlation to broad
 represent a newer and more markets. Against this backdrop,
Politics has become a market complex generation: algorithms we maintain a clear preference for
driver in its own right. Across can learn from vast datasets, market-neutral strategies, which
the US, Europe and Asia, fiscal adapt quickly and identify deliver the diversification, low beta
expansion, protectionism and multidimensional patterns that and dispersion-harvesting benefits
regulatory divergence are may be hard for humans to detect. highlighted at the beginning.
affecting corporate profitability, With a flood of uneven offerings
supply chain resilience and cross- in this emerging space, rigorous As economics, politics and technology
border capital allocation. The manager selection is paramount increasingly intersect, the agility
resulting overlap of public policy and it takes seasoned judgment to and innovation of hedge funds make
and private enterprise creates distinguish the truly capable from them an essential component of a
fertile ground for discretionary the merely fashionable. resilient, forward-looking portfolio.

 26

## Page 27

AI/machine learning for systematic hedge
funds: from regression to deep learning

Machine learning offers a rich toolkit for systematic data have enabled techniques, including deep learning,
trading strategies, spanning supervised and that uncover patterns in unlabeled data. Rather than
unsupervised approaches. Supervised methods, hunting for predefined price dependencies, these models
most notably regression, were adopted decades ago sift through diverse inputs to detect latent relationships
to improve forecast accuracy by learning explicit and market regimes.
relationships between inputs and targets. For example,
models can estimate FX moves from interest rate Machine learning has been a reliable engine for
differentials, inflation trends and capital flows. systematic strategy design for many years, and ongoing
 progress in data, computing and model architecture are
Unsupervised learning widens the search for structure. likely to only make these methods more sophisticated
Advances in computing and the explosion of financial and effective in the future.

 Machine learning looks for:
 Input • Relationships Output
 e.g. historical share prices • Patterns e.g. share price predictions
 • Dependencies
 • Hidden structures

Source: LGT Capital Partners, Datasolut.com

 27

## Page 28

Insurance-linked
strategies

Investment market storms and 3 major hurricanes had
reaches new heights formed − well below forecasts.
 Persistent wind shear, dry Saharan
2025 was a pivotal year for air and dominant high-pressure
insurance-linked investments systems combined to suppress
that was marked by significant storm formation during the most
catastrophe events and shifting active weeks of the season. While
market dynamics. It began with forecasters remain cautious, noting
the Los Angeles wildfires – the that late-season activity is always
most destructive fire event in US a possibility, this relative calm
history. Over 23,000 hectares has provided welcome relief to
of land burned and more than reinsurers and investors alike.
18,000 buildings were destroyed,
with insured losses approaching Nowhere was the theme of
USD 40 billion. The aftermath breaching boundaries more evident
of these wildfires prompted a than in the growth of the ILS
reassessment of risk models and market itself: since 2022, it has
premium structures and spurred increased in size from USD 93 billion
subrogation, with insurers pursuing to over USD 130 billion 1, as capital
recoveries from liable third parties. flows tested the traditional limits
This development highlights the of the sector and ultimately fueled
growing role that capital markets its expansion. Robust inflows,
play in disaster recovery and the especially into catastrophe bonds,
need for reform and resilience in the drove record issuance volumes,
insurance system. propelled by strong demand and Outlook remains
 the diversification benefits of ILS. attractive despite softer
In contrast to the devastation The chart below shows the growth insurance rates
witnessed on the US West Coast, of the catastrophe reinsurance
the North Atlantic hurricane season market in recent years, highlighting This influx of capital reduced
in 2025 was unusually quiet. By the increasing importance of the investor returns, with property
late October 2025, only 12 named alternative (ILS) market segment. catastrophe rates softening by

Global reinsurance capacity (USD bn) 1
 Alternative reinsurance capacity (ILS market) Traditional reinsurance capacity

800
 130

606 108 115
 93

400

200 482 562 600 650

 0
 2022 2023 2024 2025
/one.numr Estimated reinsurance capacity depicts the total available capacity for catastrophe reinsurance
Source: LGT ILS Partners, Aon Securities, Artemis. Data as of 2 June 2025

 28

## Page 29

5-10% in the first half of 2025. while the general outlook continued to provide compelling
Nevertheless, rates remain remains constructive despite investment opportunities and the
adequate and the overall return further expected rate softening, sector’s resilience and ability to
profile for insurance-linked competition among capital deliver attractive, uncorrelated
investments has remained allocators is expected to intensify. returns should sustain momentum
attractive. The industry’s Regulatory developments, into 2026.
resilience is further supported by including the review of catastrophe
disciplined portfolio management, bond eligibility, may further
diversification and long-term influence investor sentiment,
partnerships. though demand is likely to remain
 strong. And increased demand
Looking to 2026 and beyond, driven by inflation and construction
the sector once again faces the activity should further support
challenge of shifting boundaries: market stability. In short, ILS

 29

## Page 30

How we invest our own money

LGT Capital Partners has been Crossing boundaries – preparing linked bonds and infrastructure
managing and investing a combined investment portfolios for 2026 and investments. As before, the growth
portfolio of traditional and beyond tilt of the portfolio is complemented
alternative investments, the LGT Our latest adjustments to the with alternative diversification
Endowment, for 27 years. Today, strategic asset allocation include strategies, such as hedge funds
this strategy has USD 23 billion a shift from high-yield bonds to and a dynamic protection program.
in assets under management, 1 public equities outside the US, and In addition, our foreign currency
with over USD 1 billion of capital the strengthening of our allocation hedging strategy is geared towards
from LGT’s sole shareholder and in real assets, namely in inflation- reducing overall portfolio risk.
substantial sums of capital from
key investment professionals at Emerging market
 bonds
LGT Capital Partners. This drives High-yield bonds 6.0%
the strong alignment of interests 1.0%
 Investment-grade bonds Private equity
between the firm’s owner, our 9.0% 21.0%
investment team and our investors.
 Emerging market
 equities
The LGT Endowment’s investment 3.5%
mandate is to achieve sustainable
long-term asset growth with
 Private credit
moderate volatility. To this end, we 9.0%
developed our proprietary strategic Developed market
 equities
asset allocation methodology. 20.5%
Its core components – scenario Real estate
 3.5%
planning and robust diversification Infrastructure
– help us to build an investment 3.5%
 Global defensive equities Insurance-linked
portfolio for an uncertain future 5.0% strategies
and changing market environments 5.0%
 Discretionary hedge Systematic hedge
with the ambition of generating fund strategies fund strategies
 10.0% 8.0%
attractive risk-adjusted returns over
the long term.
 Private markets Hedge funds and liquid Specialized equities and fixed
 The owner-manager structure of alternatives income
 private equity holdings, together Alternative investment When selecting publicly traded
 with long investment horizons, strategies are a source of securities for our multi-asset
 allows for active value creation uncorrelated returns found in portfolios and individual
 over a full cycle. the systematic harvesting of mandates, we maintain a strong
 In private credit, contracts alternative risk premia or the focus on sustainability and
 are individually negotiated generation of alpha from high- quality. Value-add through
 in close consultation with quality discretionary managers. active management is another
 counterparties. cornerstone of our public market
 Insurance-linked strategies also strategies.
 Carefully selected infrastructure focus on generating returns that
 and real estate deals offer the are independent of the overall In addition, we participate
 potential for inflation-resilient market direction. The dynamic in attractive niches such as
 income yield and capital growth. protection strategy is specifically global inflation-linked bonds or
 designed to cushion market emerging and frontier market
 drawdowns in the portfolio. debt in local currencies.

1 Assets include shareholder, staff and client investments. LGT Endowmnet is not available for investment by US investors.
The quotas above represent the long-term, strategic asset allocation. The actual, invested asset allocation can deviate significantly from
these numbers for tactical and portfolio management reasons. Please note that the portfolio has 5% leverage and that the 2% allocation to
the dynamic protection strategy is an overlay strategy and is thus not added to the overall sum of assets allocated. LGT Endowmnet is not
available for investment by US investors
Source: LGT Capital Partners
 30

## Page 31

Head office
Pfäffikon (Switzerland)
Schuetzenstrasse 6, P.O. Box
CH-8808 Pfaeffikon
+41 58 261 8000

USA
New York San Francisco
1133 Avenue of the Americas 580 California Street
30th Floor Floor 13, Suite 1330
New York, NY 10036 San Francisco, CA 94104
+1 212 336 0650 +1 628 201 0050

EMEA
Dubai Dublin London
Dubai International Financial Centre 30 Herbert Street 1 St James’s Market
Office 7 – Level 3 – Gate Village 10 Third Floor London SW1Y4AH
P.O. Box 125115 Dublin 2 D02 W329 +44 207 484 2500
Dubai 12511, United Arab Emirates +353 1 264 8600
+971 4 401 9900

Luxembourg Frankfurt am Main Paris
21, Allée Scheffer Taunusanlage 9 – 10 43 Avenue de Friedland
2520 Luxembourg 60329 Frankfurt am Main 75008 Paris
+352 27 86 66 86 +49 69 505 0604 701 +33 1 81 80 5600

The Hague Vaduz (Liechtenstein)
WTC The Hague, Prinses Beatrixlaan 582 Herrengasse 12
2595 BM The Hague FL-9490 Vaduz
+31 70 701 8270 +423 235 2525

A PA C
Beijing Hong Kong Singapore
Floor 61/Unit 01, China World Tower 3B Suite 4203, 42/F Two Exchange Square 50 Raffles Place, Singapore Land Tower
1 Jianguomenwai Ave 8 Connaught Place Central Suite 19, Level 46
Chaoyang District G.P.O. Box 13398 Singapore, 048623
Beijing, P.R. China 100004 Hong Kong SAR +65 60 47 82 70
+86 10 5082 5354 +852 3841 78 88

Sydney To k y o
264 George Street 9th Floor, Okura Prestige Tower
Suite 40.04, Level 40 2-10-4, Toranomon, Minato-ku
Sydney NSW 2000 Tokyo 105-0001
+61 2 7908 7777 +81 3 4510 6900

Legal Information are those of LGT CP at the time of writing and without the written permission of LGT CP. It
The LGT Endowment follows the same are subject to change at any time without is not intended for persons who, due to their
investment approach that is used for notice. If nothing is indicated to the contrar y, all nationality, place of residence, or any other
the Princely Family of Liechtenstein. LGT figures are unaudited. This marketing material reason are not permitted access to such
Endowment is not available for investment by is provided for information purposes only and information under local law. Every investment
US investors. is for the exclusive use of the recipient. It does involves risk, especially with regard to
 not constitute an offer or a recommendation fluctuations in value and return. Investments
Disclaimer to buy or sell financial instruments or in foreign currencies involve the additional
This marketing material was produced by services and does not release the recipient risk that the foreign currency might lose value
LGT Capital Partners and/or its affiliates from exercising his/ her own judgment. The against the investor’s reference currency. It
(hereafter “LGT CP”) with the greatest of care recipient is in particular recommended to should be noted that historical returns and
and to the best of its knowledge and belief. check that the information provided is in financial market scenarios are no guarantee
LGT CP provides no guarantee with regard line with his/her own circumstances with of future performance.
to its content and completeness and does regard to any legal, regulatory, tax or other
not accept any liability for losses which might consequences, if necessary with the help of a
arise from making use of this information. The professional advisor. This marketing material
opinions expressed in this marketing material may not be reproduced either in part or in full © LGT Capital Partners 2026. All rights reserved.
 31

## Page 32

LGT Capital Partners Ltd. +41 58 261 8000
Schuetzenstrasse 6 info@lgtcp.com
CH-8808 Pfaeffikon
