Source file: royal_london_outlook_2026.pdf
Source path: outlooks/royal_london_outlook_2026.pdf
Type: pdf
Extraction method: pypdf-layout
Extracted at UTC: 2026-03-17T21:46:19.401378+00:00
Page count: 27

---

## Page 1

OUTLOOK
 2026

 ROYAL LONDON ASSET MANAGEMENT

For professional clients/qualified investors/wholesale investors only,
not suitable for retail investors. This is a marketing communication.

## Page 2

2 | Royal London Asset Management 3 | Royal London Asset Management

 Contents

 The CIO view: What has changed, really? Will Nicoll 03 The CIO view:

 Equities Mike Fox 07 What has

 Global equities Paul Schofield 11 changed, really?

 Will Nicoll
 UK equities Richard Marwood 15 Chief Investment Officer

 Multi asset Trevor Greetham 19

 Sterling credit Paola Binns 23

 High yield Stephen Tapley 27
 Introduction
 Rates & cash Craig Inches 31

 Asset-backed securities Jeremy Deacon 37 The end of 2025 does not feel as Worries, what worries?
 different from the end of 2024 as we It is worth noting that almost every concern an
 Property Kevin McCauley 41 might have expected or hoped. Trade investor could have had at the start of 2025, came
 policies – and many other policies – true. The worries were well-founded, and geopolitical
 from the US administration continue volatility did not let up throughout the year. Despite
 Responsible investment Ashley Hamilton Claxton 45 to appear with little warning, making it this, however, most major economies have held up
 difficult to judge the state of global trade sufficiently well for this not to get in the way of a strong
 Contact us 51 and of geopolitics. The war in Ukraine is corporate story. The volatility we have seen has almost
 still going on and despite lots of hope it been ignored by the financial markets.
 is still not obvious how it will stop or be Indeed, given that the risks in 2025 were meant to
 stopped. Governments, particularly in the be geopolitical, it is interesting that by the end of
 West, continue to rack up large deficits the year much of the volatility in asset pricing was
 and are stuck in a vicious cycle with their aligned with a single set of results from Nvidia.
 electorates. So, what has changed?
 Everything has gone up. Equities are
 hitting all-time highs, some credit spreads
 are at multi-decade tights and gold has
 continued to drive ever higher.

 Introduction

## Page 3

4 | Royal London Asset Management 5 | 5 | Royal London Asset ManagementRoyal London Asset Management

 Where does this leave us?

 A simplistic view is that we find ourselves in the
 same position as the start of the year, except
 It is worth noting that that markets are all more expensive. If we We can see that all
 were nervous 12 months ago then in theory
 almost every concern we should be more so now. However, it is clear predictions of high
 an investor could that markets are not thinking the same way as volatility have come
 they were at the end of 2024. Then, we were
 have had at the start fearful of the impending volatility and nervous true and yet the
 of 2025, came true. of geopolitical actions around the world. Now markets have not
 we can see that all predictions of high volatility
 have come true and yet the markets have increased their
 not increased their risk premia – indeed, in risk premia.
 many cases these are now lower. This shows
 that markets are in a very different frame of
 mind. Still nervous, but now around valuation
 rather than volatility or fears of US policy.

 So, everyone ‘knows’ that the US equity market
 is highly concentrated on an AI theme and is
 heroically valued. Credit spreads are also tight
 historically and not offering as much value as
 previously. However, even ignoring the fact
 that there is no obvious catalyst for values in
 those assets to fall, there are reasons to be
 cheerful. Government bonds offer value in a
 world where rates have been falling and may
 continue to fall. Inflation-linked debt can give
 investors protection against an unexpected
 inflation spike at a much cheaper rate then we
 have seen for many years. Property remains
 on a completely different cycle and it looks like
 the promised increased spend in infrastructure
 will come through in the next few years offering
 opportunities.

Introduction Introduction OUTLOOK 2026

## Page 4

6 | Royal London Asset Management 7 | 7 | Royal London Asset ManagementRoyal London Asset Management

 Where will 2026’s volatility Active management is vital
 come from? What these market conditions tell me is clear:
 The US President will not change his nature. An diversification is king. Any portfolio has to be
 economy being captained by someone who is positioned carefully and not focused solely on
 entirely focused on deal-making will continue to overvalued parts of the market. Diversification Ai = All
 see bouts of volatility and an element of chaos. and active management should always be best
 We cannot rely on lower volatility to drive friends to a long-term investor.
 returns. It has been a difficult environment for
 There is also the factor of debt-to-GDP ratios active management in equities. Although
 sitting at numbers that would have given an volatility should favour active management,
 economist in the ‘90s a panic attack. Some of if that volatility is driven by relatively random
 the largest democracies do appear to be living factors then it is less useful for rational long- Mike Fox
 beyond their means, making it important to ask: term investors. Similarly, we believe that Head of Equities
 how long can this type of government spending diversification is without doubt the best way to
 continue? invest in the long term but if returns are heavily
 concentrated in a small group of US equities
 We can expect more volatility – this time more then investors can be tempted to narrow their
 concentrated in markets – as sentiment flicks investment horizons. The kind of concentration
 from exuberance and excitement around AI to in the equity markets that we have seen recently
 geopolitical gloom. Which is the correct side has not usually ended very well. Similarly, the
 to be on? The answer, as always, is the side of amount of leverage being offered to funds –
 diversification. whether public or private – is at a high level and Equities
 that has also often not ended particularly well.
 At Royal London Asset Management, we’ll
 continue to do what we do best: active We might all be fed up with the Microsoft, which are at the forefront of AI
 management and diversification. In my amount of time spent discussing the usage to drive innovation and productivity.
 view, when in uncertain markets, you need potential of artificial intelligence (AI) In short, if AI continues to perform, the
 Although volatility an active manager with an underlying and the number of column inches stock market continues to perform. If AI
 should favour active philosophy of being stock pickers: our given over to speculation about the does deliver, US equities will probably
 investment teams will continue to make AI endgame. But this is a trend that do better than the UK and Europe. But
 management, if that thousands of individual investment decisions isn’t going away in 2026. In fact, it’s if AI starts to disappoint, this could be a
 volatility is driven by that respect a backdrop that might be only likely to grow. In my view, the significant problem at some point next year.
 difficult, but will not be dominated by it.
 relatively random fate of AI will very much continue Artificially inflated?
 factors then it is less to dictate the performance of the
 world’s stock markets and corporate Given the rapid pace of growth in AI, there is
 useful for rational behaviour in the coming year. certainly a chance that growth will moderate.
 long -term investors. Since the public unveiling of OpenAI’s GPT
 This fact is inescapable when we look at the models in November 2022, the speed of
 current state of the market. At the time of AI adoption has been phenomenal. OpenAI
 writing, all of the top ten stocks by market alone has reached 800 million users in
 capitalisation in the MSCI All Country less than two years, a pace that dwarfs
 World Index are plays on AI in some form. the early growth of the internet and other
 These include the chip makers powering the transformative technologies. This rapid
 revolution, such as Nvidia and Broadcom, rollout has been enabled by the infrastructure
 and household names like Amazon, Apple and

Introduction Equities

## Page 5

8 | Royal London Asset Management 9 | Royal London Asset Management

 such as smartphones, cloud platforms and Silicon stimulus Farewell to freeware?
 global connectivity. Ironically, much of this
 infrastructure is a result of the vast amounts Looking at the effects of the AI industry on the From the perspective of investors, the question
 investors ploughed into technology over the wider economy, data centre construction in the most will be asking is ‘how soon will we see a
 last 30 years. Similar to the original late-90s US is estimated to account for almost all the return?’ The ability to monetise AI is its biggest
 tech boom that spurred this splurge, could country’s GDP growth in the first half of 2025.3 We are already seeing uncertainty. While Nvidia and Broadcom have
 we see a bust of a similar magnitude again? Encouragingly, the longer-term benefits that there will be found profitable niches in hardware, most AI
 To answer this question, it’s probably worth across the economy should prove inherently applications and services remain loss-making,
 looking outside the ‘Magnificent seven’ deflationary. As companies reduce costs and winners and losers with unclear revenue models. The emergence
 stocks and assessing how AI will affect do more with less, productivity benefits should from the AI boom. of Chinese models such as DeepSeek, which
 companies such as the other 493 members widen out from the economic boost that is offer advanced capabilities at lower cost and
 of the S&P 500. Sectors ranging from coming from the AI sector itself. are often given away for free, has further
 industrials and healthcare, to retail and complicated the outlook. At some point
 financials are rapidly integrating AI into their So, with AI making our daily lives easier, somebody’s going to have to pay for all of this
 operations, seeking productivity gains, cost boosting corporate profits, supporting investment, but who and how isn’t clear yet.
 efficiencies, and new avenues for growth. markets, and lifting global economic growth,
 Morgan Stanley estimates that AI adoption perhaps this time it really is different?

 could translate into annual net benefits Of course, in reality there are always reasons
 of $920 billion for S&P 500 companies, not to be completely bullish. We are already
 representing about 28% of consensus pre- seeing that there will be winners and losers
 tax earnings for 2026.1 And according to from the AI boom. After all, one firm’s cost
 the Stanford AI Index, 78% of organisations savings often equals another’s revenue losses.
 globally now report using AI in at least one AI tools can now perform tasks that once
 business function, up from 55% in 2023.2 commanded high fees at a fraction of the
 cost. At the moment the collapse in pricing
 is most acute among certain knowledge-
 based services. As one finance director put it,
 “What used to cost $1,000,000 now costs
 $200,000 with Accenture, and ChatGPT can
 probably do it for $10,000.”4 This year we
 Sectors ranging have seen share prices of various consultancies
 and software providers prove vulnerable and
 from industrials and this trend is likely to broaden across sectors in
 healthcare, to retail the coming year.
 and financials are
 rapidly integrating AI
 into their operations.

1Morgan Stanley Research: AI Could Affect 90% of Occupations 2Stanford HAI 2025 AI Index Report (official) 3Nearly all US growth in 2025 tied to AI and data center-related capital spending |
TechSpot 4AI sets up Kodak moment for global consultants | Reuters

Equities Equities

## Page 6

10 | Royal London Asset Management 11 | 11 | Royal London Asset ManagementRoyal London Asset Management

 At some point somebody’s going to have to pay for all
 of this investment, but who and how isn’t clear yet.

 Outside the AI industry, there appears to be a For 2026, investors must weigh the Resilience
 growing scepticism about business leaders’ optimistic case - of productivity gains, new
 ability to foresee the ways in which AI will products, and value creation - against the as strateg y
 affect their operations, and to direct investors’ challenges of monetisation, inflationary
 capital accordingly. In the UK, estate agency pressures, and sectoral disruption. If the
 Rightmove was recently punished when it positives outweigh the negatives, then the
 announced a large-scale uptick in AI spending. ‘Magnificent seven’ could once again leave
 Its shares lost a quarter of their value due to the rest of the market in their wake. Paul Schofield
 doubts that AI would enhance the experience Head of Global Equities
 of house buyers sufficiently to create the But what seems more likely is that there will
 kind of returns forecast by management.5 be something of a shakeout, both among
 AI companies and in the wider economy, as
 From an economic perspective, the energy we get more clarity around the AI winners
 consumption required to power data centres and losers. During this period, investors
 is driving up electricity prices, particularly in will have to position portfolios accordingly
 the US, where they now consume about 4% of and stock picking is likely to come to the
 total electricity generated - a figure expected fore. Companies best positioned to harness
 to rise sharply by 2028.6 Labour costs are AI’s potential or adapt to its disruptive Global equities
 also increasing, as the construction and effects are likely to become more obvious.
 maintenance of data centres require skilled But the avoidance of certain areas will
 workers, many of whom are in short supply. be as critical as finding the winners.
 Navigating a world of This marks a distinct change in focus.
 I’m afraid the only thing that is certain is constant disruption Efficiency was once the holy grail of corporate
 that you’re going to carry on reading at strategy. For decades, firms focused on lean
 least as much about AI in the coming year. As we look to 2026, we are leaving operations, cost reduction, and supply chain
 behind a year in which investors were optimisation to deliver superior returns. That
 initially unnerved by tumultuous global model thrived in an era of relative stability.
 events. The issues that caused this Today, resilience commands the premium. A
 series of shocks including pandemics, trade
 volatility haven’t gone away. But one disputes, regional conflicts, and cyber threats
 of the reasons for the subsequent has exposed the fragility of hyper-efficient
 rise in markets has been a growing systems and forced a fundamental rethink of
 faith that companies can take these what drives value. For investors, this is not a
 challenges in their stride and will passing trend; it is a structural reset that may
 prove more resilient than investors shape risk and reward for years to come.
 had been giving them credit for. Global logistics have been repeatedly
 disrupted, turning single-source supply models
 into single points of failure. The pandemic
 revealed how brittle just-in-time inventories can
 be, while extreme weather and cyber incidents
 have added new layers of operational risk.

5AI’s awfully exciting until companies want to use it: Rightmove edition 6Data Center Energy Demand Could Triple by 2028, Government Report Warns - Newsweek

Equities Global equities

## Page 7

12 | Royal London Asset Management 13 | 13 | Royal London Asset ManagementRoyal London Asset Management

 with public capital, not just grants or tax
 credits. Washing ton has also moved to secure
 critical minerals and reduce supply chain
 risks through new frameworks with allies,
 The question has including a US-Japan agreement focused
 on sourcing critical minerals. Additional
 shifted from ‘How deals with partners such as Australia aim
 to de-risk processing and refining. 2
 lean can you be?’ to
 ‘How shock-proof is Energy security is now central to resilience. In
 October 2025, the US government announced
 your business model?’ a strategic partnership with Westinghouse
 and its owners, Brookfield and Cameco, to
 deploy at least $80 billion of nuclear reactors.3
 The goal is to increase dependable low-
 carbon power supply and support data-centre
 growth. The structure includes profit-sharing
 mechanisms and potential future equity
 The question has shifted from “How lean participation, signalling a long-term public-
 can you be?” to “How shock-proof is private commitment to power security.
 your business model?” Companies that The energy transition is becoming a resilience
 build redundancy, optionality, and faster play. Europe offers a clear example: the
 response cycles may incur higher upfront region has accelerated its shift toward
 costs, yet they are better positioned to renewables to reduce dependency on imported
 protect cash flows through volatility. fossil fuels, streng thening both energy

 Resilience comes at a price. Multi-sourcing, security and price stability. Investments are
 onshoring or nearshoring, and cybersecurity increasingly focused on grids and storage,
 upgrading are capital-intensive. In the near which are essential for a system that can
 term, these investments can compress withstand shocks and maintain reliability.4
 margins and widen the gap between balance
 sheet haves and have-nots. Investors will Digital infrastructure for
 need to distinguish between management
 teams making strategic, well-sequenced resilient operations
 resilience investments and those spending
 tactically without a coherent plan. The former Digital transformation is also being reframed
 can widen competitive moats; the latter as a resilience imperative. AI-driven demand
 risks diluting returns while achieving little. forecasting, digital twins (virtual copies of
 real-world systems that help businesses test
 Policy and government action scenarios and spot problems before they
 happen), and blockchain-enabled traceability
 Industrial policy is reinforcing this shift. In allow companies to anticipate disruptions and
 a striking break with past practice, the US reroute faster. Cloud architectures reduce
 government took an equity stake of roughly dependence on single physical sites, while
 10% in Intel in August 2025, converting part cybersecurity is now a core operating expense.
 of previously awarded CHIPS Act support into The investable takeaway is clear: providers
 ownership to accelerate domestic advanced of security, data integrity, observability, and
 chip capacity.1 This move underscores predictive analytics should be structural
 how strategic technologies tied to AI and beneficiaries as enterprises rebuild operating
 national security are being backstopped stacks for reliability rather than pure efficiency.

1 U.S. Government Takes Historic 10% Stake in Intel, Signalling New Era of Industrial Policy | FinancialContent 2 United States - Japan Framework for Securing the Supply of Critical Minerals and Rare
Earths through Mining and Processing – The White House 3 Brookfield Press Release | Westinghouse Nuclear 4 10th report on the state of the energy union - Energy - European Commission.

Global equities OUTLOOK 2026Global equities

## Page 8

14 | Royal London Asset Management 15 | Royal London Asset Management

 In a world where uncertainty is the baseline, firms
 that invest in adaptability will command a premium.

 Diversifying supply chains Investment implications Lessons from

 Supply chains are being re-routed, and not The sector implications are clear. 2025 and
 just to one place. Southeast Asia continues Manufacturers with multi-node networks
 to benefit from “China-plus-one” strategies and nearshored capacity can shorten prospects
 as firms diversify assembly and component lead times and cushion shocks. Industrials
 sourcing into Vietnam, Indonesia, Malaysia, and logistics players stand to gain from
 and Thailand. Foreign direct investment capital expenditure in infrastructure and for 2026
 (FDI) and export data confirm the trend, warehousing. Semiconductor ecosystems
 with Indonesia and Vietnam prominent in should benefit from localised production Richard Marwood
 greenfield manufacturing and electronics. and packaging investment, though capital Head of UK and European Equities
 ASEAN-wide FDI has been resilient, supported intensity and execution risk remain high.
 by favourable policy and infrastructure Consumer companies built on ultra-lean
 upgrades that deepen the region’s role in inventories may need to rebuild buffers or
 electronics, automotive, and renewables supply re-think product offerings, sacrificing some
 chains.5 For investors, that creates multi- margin to stabilise availability. Software
 year opportunities in logistics, power, and and cybersecurity vendors that offer
 industrial automation across these corridors. observability, threat detection, identity,
 and AI-assisted planning are positioned to
 Sustainability meets resilience monetise the shift in corporate priorities. UK equities

 Sustainability and resilience are converging. All of these factors have implications for
 What began as ESG compliance is increasingly investors. In my view, portfolio construction
 a hedge against physical and regulatory must now incorporate resilience as a core lens,
 shocks. Renewable power agreements insulate while balance sheets matter again. Companies Q What important lessons did you an important point: It is always important to
 against fossil fuel price spikes. Circularity with ample liquidity can bridge the investment learn from 2025? remember to detach narrative from valuation.
 reduces input volatility and waste. Ethical period needed to rewire supply chains. Pricing Investment is not just a question of looking for
 sourcing mitigates geopolitical and legal power is critical: firms that can pass through The first observation is one that perhaps sits stocks with a great story – what you pay for that
 risks. In Europe, sustained growth in wind higher costs without losing share will protect A story is also crucial. A critical determinant of
 and solar has cut import bills and lowered returns. Regional allocation also shifts – the uneasily in an outlook piece – that even with how successful an investment is the price you
 power-sector emissions, illustrating how US and Europe are likely to keep outspending perfect foresight of economic and geopolitical pay for it in the first place.
 climate alignment and resilience can reinforce on cyber, grids, and clean-firm power, while events, investors might not necessarily make the
 each other. I expect markets to reward firms Asia, especially India and Southeast Asia, should right call as to how markets might react. At the
 that internalise transition risk with higher remain a magnet for diversified manufacturing start of the year, being told that we would be in a
 valuations, particularly where decarbonisation and infrastructure buildout. world with ongoing large-scale military conflicts,
 dovetails with operational reliability. a growing realisation that the finances of many
 Resilience is not replacing efficiency; it governments are seriously stretched and that A critical determinant
 is redefining it. The winners will blend the US President would be intent on upending
 lean operations with redundancy where it the existing global trade status quo, would an of how successful
 matters, digital visibility, and credible energy investor be expecting to be sitting on UK equity
 and sourcing strategies. In a world where market gains comfortably into double digits? an investment is the
 uncertainty is the baseline, I believe that firms Probably not. That is why, within our equity team, price you pay for it in
 that invest in adaptability will command a we spend the majority of time analysing the
 premium, and portfolios that overweight those fundamentals of companies, rather than trying to the first place.
 models should be better placed to perform predict macroeconomics.
 through the next cycle.
 The general gloom around market news

5 ASEAN Investment Report 2025 | UN Trade and Development (UNCTAD) contrasted with market returns highlights

Global equities UK equities

## Page 9

16 | Royal London Asset Management 17 | Royal London Asset Management

 Q In what way will 2026 be Q What are your expectations
 different from 2025? for inflation and interest rates
 That is extremely hard to predict, but we can next year?
 A be certain that it will be different. 2026 will be
 my 30th year working in the financial markets A While I feel that interest rates will probably
 – a period that has seen the dotcom boom and edge down a little, I also believe that inflation
 bust, 9/11, Global Financial Crisis, Brexit is likely to remain sticky and higher than long-
 and Covid, to name but a few of the market term targets. This is in part due to my view
 fuelling and market shaking events. The market around how indebted many governments are.
 always finds new things to throw at investors, With debt there are two ways to clear it – pay it
 but these events are part and parcel of equity off or default on it. Most governments are not
 investing and over time this volatility creates in a position to do the former and as they run
 opportunities as well as challenges. deficits and therefore need to take on further

 debt, cannot do the latter. There is a third way
 Q What is your view on – borrow today a pound and pay it off with a
 somewhat devalued pound in the future. That is
 UK equities? the mechanism of inflation and something that
 I have never subscribed to the view espoused we all witness every day. What we can buy with
 A by some, that the UK is a dinosaur market, £5 today is significantly less than what we could
 devoid of interesting business. Our market buy with £5 only a few years ago.
 continues to contain plenty of world-leading
 businesses with interesting products,
 technologies and market positions. Compared
 to many other markets, lots of these
 businesses are attractively valued too.

 To reiterate an earlier point, mood music and
 returns are not the same thing. Over the last
 five years there has been plenty of gloomy
 rhetoric about the UK equity market, yet over
 that five years investors have seen average
 annual returns in double digit percentages –
 in fact the FTSE All-Share index has almost
 15% per annum over the past five years.1

 1Source: RLAM as at 31 October 2025.

UK equities OUTLOOK 2026 UK equitiesUK equities

## Page 10

18 | Royal London Asset Management 19 | Royal London Asset Management

 Q What does the landscape for UK
 equity dividends look like?
 While I feel that A Dividend payments remain very healthy in
 the UK. The market offers an attractive
 interest rates will dividend yield of over 3% and the levels of Diversif y
 those dividends has risen over time. Growth in
 probably edge dividends is part of what can help equities offset
 down a little, I the impact of inflation on savers. away from
 also believe that In recent years, in addition to dividends, the obvious
 investors have also benefited from share
 inflation is likely to buybacks. UK companies have been huge
 remain sticky and buyers of their own shares. Every morning, I Trevor Greetham
 read the regulated news service that provides Head of Multi Asset
 higher than long - investors with their official news about
 companies and dozens of these news items
 term targets. are titled “Transaction in own Securities” –
 announcements of how many of its own shares
 a company has bought and cancelled. In the
 long term this can help augment future dividend
 growth, as the future profits of a business are
 spread across a smaller number of shares.
 Multi asset

 Diversify away from the obvious Stretched valuations on Wall Street and in
 hot spots to seek value and parts of the global credit market raise the
 risk of disappointment should things turn
 improve portfolio resilience out differently. We’re tactically positive on
 The world economy is enjoying moderate, if global equities, including the US technology
 patchy, growth with relatively low inflation when sector, but our broadly diversified and
 compared to recent years. This is the Recovery active approach to asset allocation balances
 phase of the Investment Clock that has exposure to the obvious hot spots with
 historically seen the best stock market returns value plays in government bond markets,
 (see Chart 1 overleaf ). America’s trade wars UK real assets and commodities.

 and sudden policy swings grab the attention, Business cycle indicators have been moving
 but in the background central banks have rapidly in recent months. It’s not beyond
 been steadily cutting interest rates and this the realms of possibility that growth and
 bodes well for growth in 2026. Governments inflation both end up stronger than expected
 are heavily indebted, but the corporate in 2026. This would move the Clock into
 sector is in good health with technology- commodity-friendly Overheat. A shift from
 related earnings particularly strong. monetary easing to monetary tightening would
 streng then the parallel with the later stages
 of the dotcom bubble of the late 1990s.

UK equities Multi asset

## Page 11

20 | Royal London Asset Management 21 | 21 | 21 | Royal London Asset ManagementRoyal London Asset ManagementRoyal London Asset Management

 Chart 1: Investment Clock is in Recovery, but moving fast

 Inf lation Rises
 Is this a boom

 Industrial metals or a bubble?

 Recovery Overheat History suggests
 probably a bit of

 Te c h n o l o g y a n d i n d u s t r i a l s
 Corporate High yield both. Artificial
 bonds Ma t e r ia ls bonds
 Stocks Commodities intelligence is

 Softs r Dis c r e t i o n a r y Energy
 undoubtedly a

 Te l e c o m , s t a p l e s , h e a l t h c a r e a n d u t i l i t i e sBonds Cash
 Government Inﬂation game changer.
 bonds linked bonds

 Ref lation Stagf lation

 Precious metals

 Inf lation Falls

 Source: Royal London Asset Management. As at November 2025. For illustrative purposes only. Trail shows monthly
 readings based on global growth and inflation indicators.

 Lessons from the past Is this a boom or a bubble? History suggests
 probably a bit of both. Artificial intelligence
 History never repeats itself, but sometimes is undoubtedly a game changer. But as
 it sure does rhyme. Technology companies a comparison, few could dispute the
 are once again engaged in an arms race to transformative impact of the internet on
 become the biggest and best with investors business over the last quarter century and
 cheering them on. Traditionally cash-generative yet equity investors lost half their money in
 businesses are suddenly having to raise capital the three-year bear market after the bubble
 to fund eye-watering investments in artificial burst. Losses in the technology, media and
 intelligence infrastructure. Wall Street is willing telecommunication sectors were larger.
 to provide cheap finance via generous stock For now, we remain tactically positive on
 market valuations and opaque private debt US equities and technology, but with US
 structures. We saw the same in the late 1990s, stock valuations at their highest level since
 though the telecommunications and media 1999/2000 and credit spreads tight, we think
 sectors offer a better comparator for today’s it makes sense to diversify more broadly, and
 technology giants than the frothy internet start- we’ve further reduced our strategic exposure
 ups, most of which had never turned a profit. to US equities.

Multi asset Multi asset OUTLOOK 2026

## Page 12

22 | Royal London Asset Management 23 | 23 | Royal London Asset ManagementRoyal London Asset Management

 Looking at the bigger picture Diversification in practice
 Outside of technology, the world economy We believe that value and resilience can be
 faces some serious challenges. Country- improved by adding government bonds, UK real
 specific risk under the second Trump assets and commodities to a global portfolio.
 presidency has risen significantly, posing a In late 2021, 10-year gilts were yielding 0%,
 challenge to the dollar. War continues to rage with index linked gilts offering a real yield of Compression
 on Europe’s eastern flank. Government debt minus 2%. We were paying to lend money to
 levels are high the world over. The surge in governments with the risk of capital losses if and
 the price of gold suggests investor disquiet and when yields normalised. The 2022 bond
 isn’t far below the surface. This all speaks to market crash was a major reset. Now real yields commoditisation
 diversification to reduce risk. are closer to plus 2%. This makes life harder for
 finance ministers, but government bonds are
 paying their way once more and could provide Paola Binns
 portfolio resilience in a deflationary shock. Head of Credit

 UK equities remain good value, with cycle-
 adjusted valuations around half the level of
 Country-specific risk the US market. The FTSE’s low exposure to
 growth sectors could make it resilient in a tech
 under the second shake out. Indeed, the UK was one of the best
 Trump presidency performing major stock markets in 2022.
 has risen significantly, Real assets also have a place. Commercial
 property has recovered from the interest Sterling credit
 posing a challenge to rate shock of 2022 and the asset class offers
 the dollar. a decent yield with steady total returns. UK
 property was hit hard in the financial crisis of The story of 2025 was one of persistent
 2008 but it’s worth remembering that it sailed Navigating 2026 in
 through the dotcom crash, posting good returns sterling credit external noise that generated headlines but did
 in each year of the bear market. not ultimately undermine credit markets. In our
 Sterling credit markets have shown view, despite relatively low credit spreads in an
 Lastly, we continue to allocate to commodities, remarkable resilience in 2025, weathering historic context, credit continues to compensate
 including gold, as a hedge against unexpected external noise and tightening spreads. investors for fundamental risks and provides
 inflation and geopolitical risk. One thing you can Despite elevated interest rates and persistent potential for attractive income generation.
 say for sure about AI is that it’s resource hungry. volatility, investment grade credit still offers While volatility seems to be the new normal,
 attractive yields underpinned by robust credit markets have shown a remarkable ability
 fundamentals. The commoditisation of the to cut through the noise. Although we believe
 market, driven by new buyers like insurers this resilience will persist, built off relatively
 and ETFs, brings opportunities for active robust corporate fundamentals, tighter credit
 managers to add value through research-led spreads demand discipline and selectivity.
 approaches. With sound corporate health
 and well-capitalised banks, selectivity and
 discipline remain key. As we look to 2026,
 navigating compressed spreads demands
 a focus on fundamentals to uncover income
 potential and manage risks in sterling credit.

Multi asset Sterling credit

## Page 13

24 | Royal London Asset Management 25 | Royal London Asset Management

 The year in review Interest rates have remained elevated for longer Commoditisation of
 than expected, pressured by sticky inflation.
 At the start of the year, concerns around While investment grade credit continues to the credit market
 heightened volatility—particularly following offer attractive all-in yields, the composition of
 Donald Trump’s inauguration as US President— those yields has shifted. Credit spreads have The relative recent streng th of credit markets
 were front of mind for many investors. Yet, credit tightened significantly in recent years, and has, in a large part, been due to the emergence
 has largely held firm. Market fundamentals have contrary to expectations, government bond of significant new buyers of corporate bonds,
 reasserted themselves, with spreads tightening yields have not fallen as many expected they such as insurance companies managing
 and income generation continuing to underpin would. As a result, a greater proportion of the annuity liabilities and ETFs. As well as pushing
 performance. While political headlines have total credit yield now stems from the underlying spreads tighter, this also leads to further
 dominated the narrative, credit markets have government component. Recent volatility in commoditisation of credit – with marginal
 fixed income markets has largely been driven by buyers matching their prescriptive investment
 demonstrated their ability to absorb shocks. requirements by favouring more generic
 underlying government bond yields responding bond characteristics. In an asset class that
 Sterling investment grade spreads reduced to geopolitics and macroeconomic uncertainties has always been welcomingly idiosyncratic,
 over the year from 0.86% at the start of and we expect this to remain a factor next year. this dynamic creates real opportunities
 January to 0.77% (iBoxx) by the end of the for active managers, with a fundamental,
 third quarter and also compressed – with Compressed credit spreads research-led approach, focusing on bond
 the additional spread for owning riskier demand fundamental discipline specifics to build better credit portfolios.
 credits falling further. However, we have seen In our view, one area that is particularly
 renewed, strong demand for the asset class. fertile in this respect remains secured
 Clearly, there is a lot of uncertainty ahead from credit, where fundamental attractions are
 a political and economic perspective. Combined often under-appreciated by the market.
 with tighter and more compressed credit
 spreads, effective credit investing requires
 a foundation built on strong fundamental
 analysis. Given the importance of banks to
 Navigating both economic activity and credit markets, this
 compressed spreads feels like the right place to start. The sector, Effective credit
 at a broad level, is well capitalised, liquid,
 demands a focus on and operates within a supportive regulatory investing requires
 fundamentals. system. There are also few immediate a foundation
 signs of stress in banks’ loan books.
 built on strong
 Looking at corporates more widely, fundamental
 profitability is relatively healthy, leverage is
 not spiking, and balance sheets remain liquid analysis.
 and diverse. As ever, with cycles extending,
 risk is increasing but there are limited early
 signals of significantly rising default rates to
 imply that investment grade credit spreads no
 longer compensate for fundamental loss risk.

Sterling credit Sterling credit

## Page 14

26 | 26 | Royal London Asset ManagementRoyal London Asset Management 27 | Royal London Asset Management

 In an asset class that has always been welcomingly
 idiosyncratic, this dynamic creates real opportunities
 for active managers.

 Where

 Active management has always been critical income meets
 Navigating the new normal
 in credit due to enduring inefficiencies.
 Even if spreads widen, attractive income Moving into 2026, it feels the driving forces volatility
 generation should still be available. Based on of compression and commoditisation mean
 future rate expectations, 10-year gilts seem that it is more important than ever. Building Stephen Tapley
 a good entry point at current levels (read portfolios with allocations to secured Senior Fund Manager
 the thoughts of our Head of Rates & Cash, corporate bonds materially in excess of
 Craig Inches) . So, although spreads are near typical bond benchmarks, while maintaining
 to historically tight levels, the potential for higher yield and income than the index through
 strong returns built on all-in credit income bottom-up selectivity and appropriate
 looks attractive. It is up to us to find the diversification, should continue to give us a
 best ways to access it in our portfolios. strong base for navigating clear headwinds.
 High yield

 For those seeking attractive yields,
 the high yield market continues
 to offer a compelling case,
 especially when complemented
 by resilient risk management, A common concern
 in a rapidly evolving world. that keeps being

 As we look ahead to 2026, the global economic raised is the
 landscape is marked by persistent uncertainty. combination of
 Global growth is forecast to decelerate to the worries over
 slowest pace since the pandemic, amid ongoing
 geopolitical tensions, shifting trade policies, and expensive valuations
 the risk of policy missteps. From conversations in the market and fear
 with investors, a common concern that keeps
 being raised is the combination of worries at missing any further
 over expensive valuations in the market and potential upside.
 fear at missing any further potential upside.

Sterling credit High yield

## Page 15

28 | 28 | Royal London Asset Management 29 | Royal London Asset ManagementRoyal London Asset Management

 Where do we sit? Historical data can show that focusing on
 short duration high yield can deliver similar
 Central banks are expected to continue total returns to the broader high yield market,
 easing, but the path of rates is clouded but with significantly lower volatility and
 by inflation volatility and fiscal pressures, drawdowns. As bonds approach maturity,
 especially in the US and Europe. The US price volatility diminishes, and the ‘pull-to-par’
 Federal Reserve and Bank of England are effect helps insulate portfolios from market
 projected to cut rates further, but the pace swings. Despite tighter spreads, we feel yields
 and depth remain highly data dependent. in the short duration segment remain relatively
 Euro area rates are near neutral, with limited attractive and above historical averages.
 room for further cuts unless growth falters. A strategy that focuses on ‘battle-tested’

 Fiscal support is likely to remain robust, bonds, those nearing maturity, should
 particularly in the US and Europe, with mean default risk is lower, and also benefit
 increased spending on infrastructure from a higher proportion of higher-rated
 and defence. Elevated volatility and policy sub-investment-grade securities.
 uncertainty are expected to persist, Another aspect to consider is the self-
 reinforcing the need for defensive liquidating nature of a strategy that focuses on
 positioning and careful risk management. short duration bonds. It should see constant
 What areas within high yield cashflow from positions being redeemed,
 allowing for a somewhat organic re-positioning
 offer an attractive option? opportunity as market conditions evolve, as
 you re-invest and tilt and tweak positioning.
 As such, with those conditions hovering in the
 background, where can investors look in high
 yield markets? In our view, a short duration
 bias, focusing on bonds being redeemed in
 less than two years, can offer a defensive
 stance in a mature high yield market. This
 approach minimises exposure to interest We are seeing private
 rate and spread volatility, which is especially debt markets grow
 valuable as we look at central banks on
 different rate paths in 2026, unlike longer- in size, hoovering up
 duration strategies that are more vulnerable
 to negative returns in such environments. lower rated companies.

High yield High yieldHigh yield OUTLOOK 2026

## Page 16

30 | Royal London Asset Management 31 | Royal London Asset Management

 The high yield market has matured, with BB Is now the right time?
 rated bonds now making up a larger share,
 and some lower-quality issuers have exited Heading into 2026, could a short duration
 the market (chart 1). This has been brought bias offer a reliable and repeatable process?
 about by the ever-growing presence of private We believe so, as it is ultimately an evergreen
 debt. We are seeing private debt markets strategy. Whether entering or exiting a
 grow in size, hoovering up lower rated slowdown, a short duration high yield strategy What we got
 companies. This results in public markets that provides defensive positioning and
 being left in a structurally stronger place. As right... and
 the CCC portion of the market continues to access to high coupon bonds from resilient
 diminish, taking the most stressed part of the issuers could protect investors from the where we missed
 market out of public hands, we can see clear expected volatility that next year may bring.
 signs of why default rates remain so low.
 Craig Inches
 Chart 1 Head of Rates & Cash

 100

 90

 80

 70 Rates & cash

 60
 2025 delivered on the big calls: rates Issuance dynamics are shifting. After a surge in
 50 long-dated supply early in the year, the fourth
 fell, inflation eased but stayed sticky,
 and central banks continued cutting. quarter saw a sharp pullback as governments
 40 acknowledged the unsustainable cost of locking
 Yet, the pace of disinflation lagged in high yields. You can now expect a glut of
 expectations, exposing the resilience
 30 short to medium-dated issuance ahead, with
 of global demand and the willingness curve flattening likely as long supply remains
 of consumers to absorb higher costs. constrained.
 20
 This stickiness now limits how far
 central banks can go – a critical Looking forward, we think inflation should grind
 10
 question for 2026. lower, but growth risks loom. Central banks
 are nearing the end of their easing cycles, and
 0 any uptick in unemployment or wage weakness
 could unsettle risk assets. For investors,
 the environment demands flexibility: global
 CCC & Below B BB diversification, active curve positioning, and
 inflation hedges will be key. Opportunities lie
 in global sovereign strategies and index linked
 Source: ICE Data Indices LLC using ICE BofA Global High Yield Index (HW00) as at 31 October 2025. Percentages bonds – not just to weather volatility, but to
 subject to rounding. exploit it.

High yield Rates & cash

## Page 17

32 | Royal London Asset Management 33 | Royal London Asset Management

 Did we get it right? Markets welcomed the signal that selling 15-
 year and longer duration at yields above likely
 We began 2025 expecting policy rates to The question for nominal growth is not a sustainable funding
 fall and inflation to ease but stay sticky – and strategy. By the fourth quarter, that stance was
 that broad call held. Major central banks 2026 is whether even more visible in primary calendars. The
 moved further into their easing phases, inflation proves mostly DMO’s revised 2025/26 remit kept overall
 while inflation moderated from its peaks gilt sales near £299bn but trimmed long-dated
 without returning to pre pandemic norms. transitory from here or supply and boosted short and unallocated
 evolves into a structural buckets to maintain flexibility – a clear attempt
 Where we misjudged was the pace of to flatten curves at the margin by easing long
 disinflation in the second half. The global issue driven by tariffs, end supply pressure.
 economy proved more resilient than fiscal looseness and
 consensus, with wage dynamics and
 protectionist trade policies slowing the supply-side frictions.
 descent of core inflation. The International
 Monetary Fund’s July update framed the
 growth backdrop as “tenuous resilience” with When supply is heavy
 inflation drifting down but still above target
 in key economies, particularly the US. and inflation uncertain,
 Issuance: the elephant term premia re-price as
 This stickiness matters: as long as underlying in the room
 inflation hovers above neutral, policy space investors demand more
 for deep cuts is limited. That’s why 2025’s Sovereign borrowing remained enormous
 easing moves by the US Federal Reserve, through 2025, pushing debt to GDP ratios compensation to hold
 European Central Bank and Bank of England higher and increasing the share of budgets the long end.
 came with heavy caveats about the path ahead. devoted to interest costs. The OECD’s Global
 The Fed delivered back-to-back 25bps cuts in Debt Report flagged record sovereign
 September and October but explicitly pushed issuance and a marked rise in interest to GDP
 back on the idea that December easing was across much of the OECD. When supply is
 “a foregone conclusion,” and it announced heavy and inflation uncertain, term premia re-
 quantitative tightening (QT ) would stop, a price as investors demand more compensation
 liquidity signal as much as a policy one. to hold the long end. We saw that drama
 play out most clearly in the UK, where the
 The question for 2026 is whether inflation Debt Management Office (DMO) executed
 proves mostly transitory from here or evolves an “important shift” away from long-dated
 into a structural issue driven by tariffs, fiscal issuance in March and April, cutting the long
 looseness and supply-side frictions. That bucket to its lowest share in about 35 years and
 debate will define rates, term premia and cross redirecting supply toward the front end and UK
 market relative value next year. treasury bills.

Rates & cash Rates & cash

## Page 18

34 | Royal London Asset Management 35 | 35 | Royal London Asset ManagementRoyal London Asset Management

 More of the same, or Yields on the move: Where
 a turning point? do investors go?

 Lower inflation and more rate cuts are likely in Government bond yields fell from their mid
 2026, but the path won’t be smooth. The Fed year peaks as the market priced a slower
 cut 50bps across September and October, growth glide path and the end of QT, but moves
 bringing the target range to 3.75–4.00%, were uneven across the curve and regions.
 and halted QT from 1 December; a liquidity In the US, the curve oscillated between ‘bull
 pivot that matters for term funding. The flattening’ (front end leading on cuts) and
 ECB held steady in the fourth quarter after ‘bear steepening’ (long end leading yield
 earlier cuts, citing “broadly unchanged” increases) driven by term premium rebuild,
 inflation risks, while the BoE eased twice fiscal supply and tariff risks. Strategists
 but warned on sticky services inflation. highlighted that in cutting cycles the curve
 The first US hurdle into winter is the aftermath often steepens, but today’s mix of policy, fiscal
 of the shutdown. The Senate backed deal and trade uncertainty makes the path jagged.

 to end the record long shutdown reaffirms In the UK, long yields briefly traded at
 back pay for federal workers and unwinds levels last seen in the late 1990s before
 reductions in force (RIFs); once the House retreating as the DMO curtailed long supply.
 vote and presidential signature complete the The DMO’s pivot, plus the BoE’s measured
 process, back pay should flow “at the earliest easing, has nudged investors to re assess
 date possible” under the 2019 law. Whether duration and the balance between short
 households spend or save those lump sums strategies and all maturity exposures.
 will matter for consumption momentum. In our view, the message is straightforward:

 Meanwhile, labour dynamics bear watching. you should look to diversify interest rate
 If unemployment ticks up and wage growth risk. Concentrated single country funds
 cools while tariffs keep goods prices leave you exposed to one macro call,
 sticky, we could face a tricky mix of softer whether it is the US term premium or UK
 growth and persistent inflation, forcing issuance, and to local policy pivots. A global,
 slower, stop start easing cycles and active approach can rotate across curves,
 renewed dispersion across countries. regions and relative value expressions,
 targeting disparate sources of alpha.

 Elsewhere, investors should consider global
 index linked exposure. With sticky services
 inflation and tariff uncertainty, short to
 intermediate linkers have outperformed at
 points this year as inflation accruals and high The uptick in the
 real yields did the heavy lifting. Allocations to unemployment rate
 linkers can hedge upside inflation surprises
 while adding diversified duration. will be of concern
 to the UK and US.

Rates & cash Rates & cash OUTLOOK 2026

## Page 19

36 | Royal London Asset Management 37 | Royal London Asset Management

 What we’re watching into 2026

 Simple, the labour market. The uptick in
 the unemployment rate will be of concern
 to the UK and US. If this begins to break
 the 5% level materially, we could see Volatility,
 some more urgency on rate cuts.

 There is inflation’s ‘last mile’ to watch. The what
 IMF and private sector forecasts see headline
 inflation drifting down, but core (especially
 services) and tariff pass through keep risks two volatility?
 sided. Whether the stickiness proves cyclical or
 structural will determine the depth and pace of Jeremy Deacon
 further cuts. Head of ABS and Leveraged Finance

 The issue of fiscal issuance and discipline will
 also need to be monitored. Where treasuries
 emphasise short end over long end supply and
 communicate consistent frameworks, curves
 should flatten and volatility should moderate,
 with the UK offering a real time case study.

 And finally, geopolitical posturing is worth Asset-backed securities
 watching. European budget concerns in
 France, continuing tariff tensions and trade
 talks in the US, as well as underlying global set off a major retrenchment. The ABS
 conflicts will continue to create volatility for Looking back over the year, 2025
 both risk assets and sovereign bonds. was a strong one for asset-backed market has been relatively insulated
 securities (ABS) – along with from the volatility seen elsewhere.
 One thing Is certain a whole host of other assets. In Where is this demand
 the ABS market, we typically see coming from?
 The next 12 months will not be quiet. Investors spreads move in line with other
 who embrace flexibility, global diversification, markets, which have seen tightening In our view, ABS remains relatively cheap
 and active management across curves and throughout the year as demand versus other parts of the credit market. The
 instruments should be best placed to navigate, continues to remain robust. And we market still suffers from a hangover from
 and capitalise on, volatility across rates, see no sign of this demand slowing. 20 years ago, where the global financial
 inflation, and policy regimes. In our view, the crisis saw all ABS under the spotlight
 right mix is a globally diversified government But in our view, the asset class – despite most of the problems during
 bond core, selective index linked exposure, remains attractively priced. that period being caused by excessively-
 and the ability to lean into relative value when levered vehicles exposed to US sub-prime
 issuance, policy and liquidity regimes create With persistent external noise and some mortgages. And the bad press still lingers.
 dislocations. idiosyncratic issues – that generate headlines As a result, the asset class remains unloved,

 of an impending downturn in markets – it keeping bonds cheap as others continue
 is hard to see where this potential fallout to ignore the solid credit fundamentals.
 could come from. While risk remains, it
 is hard to see the catalyst for what could

Rates & cash Asset-backed securities

## Page 20

38 | Royal London Asset Management 39 | Royal London Asset Management

 ABS offers a higher yield for the equivalent risk There was a notable development in the market How the market has played out? In the loan market, we have seen strong
 compared to corporate or government bonds, in 2025, with the news around key Solvency performance as corporates looked to secure
 as investors can benefit from the ‘complexity II proposals from the European Commission. While we have seen broad themes play out lending at attractive rates. As in the CMBS
 premium’ that ABS offers, due to the One of the main outcomes was a reduction across the ABS market, the sectors in which market, idiosyncratic factors could remain an
 specialisms required to understand both the in capital charges for Simple, Transparent we invest each have their own individual stories issue, but for different reasons however, as
 underlying assets and how they operate within & Standardised (STS), in line with covered to tell. cheap lending could lead to concerns around
 each securitisation. And we believe there is still bonds. The reduction is meaning ful for non- hidden leverage feeding into the system.
 a lot of money to be put to work in the sector. STS senior tranches, where AAA is proposed In the autos sector, we have seen what we
 to be about a fifth of current capital charges, would consider good value during the year, When trying to predict how financial markets
 which improves return on regulatory capital with the misconception that these bonds would will behave months or years from now, the
 for Collateralised Loan Obligations (CLO) be affected by the consumer finance mis- original problem usually stems from too much
 rated AAA significantly and brings it quite selling. While the sector did see some negative leverage. This is what gives me fear for next
 close to that for investment grade corporate sentiment, the decision determining that year: idiosyncratic issues potentially toppling
 bonds. On the other hand, the improvement in the originator and not the security would be into an over-leveraged system. We are still
 capital charges is less encouraging for non- affected, allowed some recovery. seeing heavy CLO issuance, and this is not
 Investors can STS mezzanine tranches, where the potential likely to stop with spreads at their current tight
 benefit from the for insurers to benefit from the mid-high There was some weakness from German, levels, so any fallout will come from widening
 single digit yields of CLO mezzanine has been Dutch and Finnish autos, with the consumers but, again, what the catalyst will be for that
 ‘complexity premium’ curtailed by the still high regulatory capital. in those regions facing a softer economic widening is hard to pinpoint.
 that ABS offers. environment. We expect this to continue to be a
 factor into next year which could hurt issuance
 from those respective countries.

 In commercial mortgage-backed securities
 (CMBS) there was strong issuance, but it
 remains fairly concentrated on logistics
 assets, which has given us some pause about This is what gives me
 investing in the sector. Demand has been
 high, which has seen spreads tighten, but fear for next year:
 the lack of diversification leads us to favour idiosyncratic issues
 other sectors. This concentration could see
 idiosyncratic factors – which would typically be potentially toppling
 contained – result in wider market weakness. into an over-leveraged
 This highlights how important it is for a fund
 manager to know what they hold and the system.
 importance of bottom-up analysis.

Asset-backed securities Asset-backed securities

## Page 21

40 | Royal London Asset Management 41 | Royal London Asset Management

 Which leads us to residential mortgage- What lies on the horizon?
 backed securities (RMBS). We have taken a
 tactical decision to avoid exposure to the US There is a fear that there is too much credit
 in this sector, as we feel you have to be closer in private markets, and the opaque nature
 to the originators to properly understand could lead to problems developing before
 the securities you are buying. There is heavy they can be spotted. So, the key then, is Challenges,
 demand and we feel there could be ‘criteria active management. You have to time any
 creep’. As demand hits record highs, you could move in volatile markets correctly.
 begin to see lenders lower their standards concerns…
 and seek to capture additional returns, or Spotting where these issues might come
 just match previous returns, increasing the from, however, is a different skill. It is always and optimism
 likelihood of potential issues. difficult to know what the catalyst will be for
 a potential downturn but active management Kevin McCauley
 Outside of the US, we expect to see issuance of your portfolio is the best way through Head of Strategy & Property Research
 rise in Europe, following the previously it. A portfolio built on bottom-up analysis,
 mentioned Solvency II rule changes from where you understand the risk you hold, is
 the European Commission. This will the only way through volatile markets.
 create demand in the region, perhaps not
 seen since 2008, as it becomes a good
 funding source for the EU insurers.
 Property

 UK real estate remains a key Another important lesson from 2025 was
 As demand hits asset class for many investors the persistent and sometimes unbridgeable
 – both in the UK and globally. gap between buyer and seller pricing
 record highs, you Looking at the prospects for expectations. This disparity has frequently
 could begin to this area in 2026 means looking resulted in a reduction in the number
 at underlying fundamentals, of completed transactions, as parties
 see lenders lower but also why this may remain struggled to agree on valuations.
 their standards. attractive over the longer term. Despite these challenges, one positive
 Key lessons learned from 2025 development has been the pronounced
 competition for high quality assets. This
 The property market underwent a significant strong demand for prime properties has
 value correction that started in the middle of played a significant role in establishing
 2022 and continued into 2023. The subsequent market pricing benchmarks.
 recovery has been notably slow and, at times,
 seemingly appeared to stall altogether. This
 experience served as a crucial reminder that
 recoveries in the property sector are often
 gradual, with investors typically adopting a
 cautious approach. As risks become more
 apparent, investor confidence can waver,
 further prolonging the recovery period.

Asset-backed securities Property

## Page 22

42 | Royal London Asset Management 43 | Royal London Asset Management

 Finally, the influence of macroeconomic We anticipate that the differences in There are several compelling reasons why
 conditions on investor activity was particularly performance across various sectors will be less international investors are drawn to the UK,
 evident in 2025. Even in the face of robust pronounced compared to the previous cycle. many of which extend beyond the property
 rental growth and healthy occupier demand, Rather than expecting a rapid upturn, we predict sector itself. The English language, cultural
 many investors have remained hesitant, a steady and measured recovery. With limited familiarity, and longstanding educational
 and the market has not witnessed a large- potential for further inward yield movement, connections – many investors were educated
 scale return of investment activity. While it will be essential for investors to focus on at UK universities – contribute to the country’s
 there have been isolated areas of intense proactive asset management and the realisation enduring ‘soft power’ and appeal. Confidence
 transactional activity, a consistent and broad- of income growth to generate positive alpha. in the UK’s legal system further underpins
 based recovery is yet to materialise. this attraction. While political stability was
 There is currently robust occupier demand in historically a crucial factor, its significance may
 In what way will 2026 be most sectors, coupled with a shortage of prime have shifted somewhat in the post-Brexit era.
 different from 2025? space. This dynamic is expected to support
 ongoing rental growth, which in turn will drive From a real estate perspective, the UK offers
 If the coming months bring greater clarity cashflow growth for investors. Performance a range of benefits that are highly valued by
 around the UK’s fiscal position, this could will increasingly be determined by asset- overseas investors. These include a transparent
 support a reduction in gilt yields and overall specific factors, with prime and well-located and liquid property market, a track record of
 debt costs. Such conditions may improve properties forecast to outperform the broader robust total returns, and the historic use of
 investor sentiment and encourage increased market. We think this trend is expected to be upward-only rent reviews – though it should
 transaction activity in the months ahead. particularly evident in the office sector, where be noted that the government is considering
 Should debt become more accretive under prime assets are likely to lead the way. legislative changes to this practice. The scale of
 these circumstances, debt-backed investors opportunity is also a major draw, with London
 What makes UK real ranking among the world’s largest office
 are more likely to re-engage, helping to drive estate so attractive to markets. Additionally, the planning system,
 a sustained rebound in capital values across overseas investors? while challenging for developers, serves to
 sectors. Combined with continued robust rental constrain supply and thereby helps support
 growth, these dynamics would create strong The UK is a leading destination for overseas rental growth, which is attractive to investors
 total return opportunities for investors. capital, consistently attracting a significant seeking long-term value and stability.
 share of international investment. Over the past
 Outlook for UK real estate decade, overseas capital has accounted for Overseas investors continue
 approximately 50% of the market, with some to look at the UK
 Our overall outlook for the UK real estate years reaching as high as 60%. London stands
 market is broadly positive. While optimism is out as the principal performer within the UK, Many of the key factors that have historically
 gradually becoming more widespread, there regularly drawing more overseas investment attracted international capital to the UK
 are still some notable challenges. Concerns than any other city on the global stage. remain firmly in place and are expected to
 surrounding public finances and the complexities persist for the foreseeable future. In the
 of the current inflationary environment context of political uncertainties across the
 continue to create a degree of uncertainty, continent and globally, the UK’s reputation
 making the landscape less clear-cut. for stability may once again become an
 appealing attribute for overseas investors.

Property Property

## Page 23

44 | Royal London Asset Management 45 | 45 | Royal London Asset ManagementRoyal London Asset Management

 At present, the most compelling aspect for markets and further enhance the appeal of
 international investors is the UK’s current UK real estate for international investors.
 position within the property cycle. Occupier
 markets across most sectors have shown One notable factor absent from the recent
 remarkable resilience, with robust rental recovery has been a sustained improvement
 growth observed in the post pandemic period. in investor sentiment, which is essential for a
 While this rate of growth is expected to consistent increase in capital values. However, Strateg y,
 moderate, it is anticipated to remain above it is anticipated that we are at a turning point,
 historic averages, providing continued support with a full capital value recovery expected scrutiny, and
 for income growth and cashflow stability. to commence. Capital Economics forecast
 UK total property returns of 7.5% and 5.5% sustainable
 The UK is set to be the second-fastest-growing annualised over the next three and five years
 of the world’s most advanced economies this respectively1 – figures that outperform other success
 year, according to recent projections from markets. This robust performance is projected Ashley Hamilton Claxton
 the International Monetary Fund. The UK to be evident across all real estate sectors. Head of Responsible Investment
 economy is forecast to achieve annualised
 GDP growth of 1.3% this year and next, Overseas investors are acutely aware of these
 outpacing other major European economies emerging opportunities and it is our view that
 such as France, which is projected at 0.8%, 2026 could see this awareness translate into
 and Germany at 0.5%. This economic increased activity within the UK market.
 momentum is expected to underpin occupational

 All Property predicted total returns, 2026-30

 8 Responsible investment

 7
 Environmental, Social, and Amid regulatory scrutiny, political backlash,
 6 and calls for accountability, companies
 Governance (ESG) has shifted are recalibrating their ESG strategies.

 5 from a hallmark of corporate Many are adopting “greenhushing,”
 responsibility to a lightning reducing public messaging while continuing

 4 rod in political discourse. Once sustainability efforts behind the scenes.
 seen as common sense, it is now
 3 viewed by some as ideologically
 charged. While critics dismiss
 2
 ESG as a fad, we believe that its

 1 underlying principles – resource ESG issues remain
 efficiency, inclusive growth, and fundamental

 0 strong governance – remain
 A PA C Euro zone UK US to corporate strateg y.
 essential for financial resilience
 3 year 5 year and long -term value creation.

 Source: Capital Economics, Global Property Returns & Valuations, October 2025 . Forward looking statements are
 subject to certain risks and uncertainties. Actual outcomes may be materially different from those expressed or implied.

1Source: Capital Economics, Global Property Returns & Valuations, October 2025.

Property Reponsible investment

## Page 24

46 | Royal London Asset Management 47 | Royal London Asset Management

 Despite this, ESG issues remain fundamental Regulatory consolidation: Stewardship in a
 to corporate strategy, and as ESG integration from expansion to alignment changing landscape
 becomes more mature, the governance
 processes surrounding it need to keep up. Regulation is entering a phase of strategic Regulatory shifts and evolving investor
 Boards must embed robust disclosure recalibration. In the UK, Sustainability expectations are reshaping shareholder
 practices, scenario planning, and a clear Disclosure Requirements (SDR) are moving proposals, particularly on environmental and
 articulation of ESG’s relevance to them. from policy to practice, introducing anti- social issues. The 2026 proxy season is set to
 Asset managers are also adjusting their greenwashing rules, investment labels, be one of the most complex in recent years.
 approach to responsible investment. Rather and enhanced disclosures. Some firms
 than treating responsible investment as a have adopted SDR labels, while others Shareholder proposals, particularly those on
 marketing tool or a compliance checkbox, navigate operational challenges. The environmental or social grounds are expected
 firms are being challenged to embed ESG focus is shifting from prescriptive rules to continue to decline, driven by the SEC
 analysis more deeply into investment to purposeful regulation – emphasising guidance broadening the ability of companies
 decisions, voting, and engagement. materiality, decision-useful data, and to exclude proposals on “ordinary business”
 integration into governance and strategy. and “economic significance” grounds.

 Asset owners continue to show robust In the EU, the Commission’s ‘Omnibus’ Pass-through voting continues to dominate the
 support for responsible investment. Surveys simplification package signals a move rhetoric and while it has its place, care must
 indicate that a growing majority believe ESG from expansion to consolidation. The be taken as this risks fragmenting outcomes
 considerations align with fiduciary duty1, and anticipated SFDR revision aims to clarify and increases unpredictability. These changes
 sustainable fund assets under management product categories and better align with underscore a broader move away from
 have grown significantly2. While net flows the EU Taxonomy, addressing criticisms ‘one-size-fits-all’ voting, reflecting diverging
 into traditional products may outpace of the Article 6/8/9 framework. It’s also global priorities and US political headwinds.
 sustainable ones, inflows into ESG funds aiming to ensure alignment with other
 remain positive, underscoring the enduring global regulations to address the burden At Royal London Asset Management,
 demand for responsible investment. and cost of regulatory divergence. we remain firm in our positions. We
 will continue to champion diverse ESG
 Globally, policymakers are asking not just “what priorities – tailored to company context
 should be disclosed?” but “what drives real – and we will streng then and escalate our
 change?” – demanding better data systems, voting positions where appropriate.
 team upskilling, and proactive regulatory
 The focus is shifting engagement. The challenge for 2026: maintain
 ambition while navigating a landscape designed
 from prescriptive for clarity, competitiveness, and credibility.
 rules to purposeful We will continue to
 regulation. champion diverse ESG
 priorities – tailored to
 company context.

1 Voice of the Asset Owner Survey 2025 Quantitative Analysis | Morningstar Indexes 2 Sustainable Investing Funds Beating Traditional Funds in 2025 | Morgan Stanley

Reponsible investment Reponsible investment

## Page 25

48 | Royal London Asset Management 49 | Royal London Asset Management

 Our engagement strategy over the next five Our Net Zero Stewardship Programme Looking ahead: priorities Engagement strategies are becoming more
 years focuses on measurable outcomes and remains a core focus – driving innovation, for 2026 and beyond outcome-driven, with nature, biodiversity,
 the interconnectedness of ESG issues. Our collaboration, and tangible climate progress. and social equity rising on the agenda.
 biennial investor consultation has set the Stewardship will increasingly link climate goals As we enter 2026, responsible investment Governance will continue to be the cornerstone
 direction for our engagement strategy since with broader ESG priorities, recognising is moving toward consolidation, maturity, of ESG integration, ensuring ESG ambitions
 2019 and continues to do so as we refresh our environmental interdependence. translate into measurable outcomes. In this
 priority engagement themes for 2026-2028. and strategic clarity. ESG regulation is fast-changing world, resilience, adaptability,
 The next five years are critical for turning shifting from expansion to simplification, and a commitment to long-term value will
 Our clients have told us that land use, commitments into action. By 2030, with policymakers prioritising credibility define leadership in responsible investment.
 deforestation, and natural capital are important investor mandates and disclosures will and alignment across markets. Companies
 to them. They are prioritising water stewardship expect both net zero alignment and climate and investors are embedding responsible
 and social equity, while nature-related risks investment and sustainability more deeply
 become integral to climate strategies. We have adaptation. Success will be measured into governance and investment processes
 reflected on this feedback and will be focusing not only by emissions reductions but by while navigating political headwinds and
 on the following four themes: Climate, Nature, how companies plan for the future, align evolving disclosure requirements.
 People, and Governance. assets with climate goals, and streng then
 governance. This shift is about more than
 compliance – it’s about credibility and
 competitiveness in a world where responsible
 investment is becoming the standard.

 By 2030, investor
 mandates and
 disclosures will expect
 Climate Nature People Governance both net zero alignment

 will focus on our Net will cover the Climate will focus on Diversity, will focus on Business, and climate adaptation.
 Zero Stewardship Nature Nexus, Financial Inclusion Culture and Ethics,
 Programme, Just Nature and and Human Rights. Cyber Security,
 Just Transition and Land and Water and Sustainable
 Just Adaptation. Management. and Ethical AI.

Reponsible investment Reponsible investment OUTLOOK 2026

## Page 26

50 | Royal London Asset Management 51 | Royal London Asset Management

 Important information Contact us

 Investment risks For more information about our range of products and services, please contact us.
 Royal London Asset Management, 80 Fenchurch Street, London, EC3M 4BY
 Past performance is not a guide to future performance. The value of investments and the income
 from them is not guaranteed and may go down as well as up and investors may not get back the amount originally
 invested. Changes in currency exchange rates may affect the value of these investments. UK
 For advisers and wealth For institutional client
 Important information managers queries

 For professional clients/qualified investors/wholesale investors only, not suitable for retail investors. bdsupport@rlam.co.uk institutional@rlam.co.uk
 This is a marketing communication. +44 (0)20 3272 5950 +44 (0)20 7506 6500

 This is a financial promotion and is not investment advice. Telephone calls may be recorded.
 For further information please see our Privacy policy at www.rlam.com Switzerland
 For all investors:
 The views expressed are those of Royal London Asset Management at the date of publication unless otherwise indicated, john.parkin@rlam.com
 which are subject to change, and is not investment advice.
 +44 (0)20 3272 5912
 This document is private and confidential and only for use by “permitted clients” in Canada. This document is for information
 purposes only and is not intended as an offer or solicitation to invest. This document does not constitute investment advice
 and should not be relied upon as such. Royal London Asset Management Limited is authorized to provide investment
 services in Canada under the International Adviser Exemption. Royal London Asset Management’s principal place for Germany
 business is in the United Kingdom, and it is not registered as a manager in the provinces of Alberta, British Columbia,
 Ontario, and Québec. For all investors:
 immo.gatzweiler@fundrock.com
 Issued in December 2025 within Europe (ex-Switzerland) by FundRock Distribution S.A. (“FRD”) the EU distributor for +49 151 54 72 5296
 Royal London Asset Management Limited. FRD is a public limited company, incorporated under the laws of the Grand
 Duchy of Luxembourg, registered office at Airport Center Luxembourg, Level 2, 5 Heienhaff, L-1736 Senningerberg, FundRock provide EU Management Company services to RLAM.
 Luxembourg, and registered with the Luxembourg trade and companies register under number B253257. FRD is
 authorized as distributor of shares/units of UCIs without making or accepting payments (within the meaning of Article
 24-7 of the 1993 Law), as updated from time to time. FRD is authorised and regulated by the Commission de Surveillance Spain
 du Secteur Financier (CSSF ). Portfolio management activities and services are undertaken by Royal London Asset For all investors:
 Management Limited, 80 Fenchurch Street, London, EC3M 4BY, UK. Authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct
 Authority in the UK, firm reference number 141665. A subsidiary of The Royal London Mutual Insurance Society Limited. mrona@altamarcam.com|
 +34 91 290 07 28
 For Switzerland: Copies of the Memorandum and Articles of Association,the Prospectus, KIIDs and the annual and semi- Proud to partner with Altamar Capital to serve clients in Spain.
 annual reports of the fund may be obtained free of charge from the fund’s representative
 in Switzerland, ACOLIN Fund Services AG, Leutschenbachstrasse 50, CH-8050 Zurich. The Paying Agent
 in Switzerland is Banque Cantonale Vaudoise, Place St François 14, CH-1003 Lausanne. All other EEA investors

 For Australia: For Wholesale clients only. Royal London Asset Management Limited is exempt from the requirement to For all investors:
 hold an Australian financial services licence under the Corporations Act (as a result of the operation of ASIC Class Order arnaud.gerard@fundrock.com
 03/1099 as amended by the ASIC Corporations (Repeal and Transitional) Instrument 2016/396 and extended by ASIC +352 691 992 088
 Corporations (Amendment) Instrument 2020/200) in respect of the financial services it provides to wholesale clients in
 Australia and is regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority under UK laws which differ from Australian laws. FundRock provide EU Management Company services to RLAM.

 Issued in December 2025 within Switzerland, Australia and the UK by Royal London Asset Management Limited,
 80 Fenchurch Street, London, EC3M 4BY. Authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority, Australia
 firm reference number 141665. A subsidiary of The Royal London Mutual Insurance Society Limited. For all investors:

 kevin.haran@rlam.com
 +61 (0)413 138 055

AL RLAM PD 0208 Contact us

## Page 27
