Source file: UBS Year Ahead.pdf
Source path: outlooks/UBS Year Ahead.pdf
Type: pdf
Extraction method: pypdf-layout
Extracted at UTC: 2026-03-13T14:06:10.433638+00:00
Page count: 68

---

## Page 1

Year
Ahead
2026

 Escape velocity?

 Chief Investment Office
 Investment Research

## Page 2

Year Ahead 2026 – UBS House View
This report has been prepared by UBS AG, UBS AG London Branch,
UBS Switzerland AG, UBS Financial Services Inc. (UBS FS),
UBS AG Singapore Branch, UBS AG Hong Kong Branch, and
UBS SuMi TRUST Wealth Management Co., Ltd.
Please see important disclaimers at the end of the document.

## Page 3

## Page 4

## Page 5

Foreword

Welcome to the Year Ahead 2026

Dear reader,

2025 was a year of innovation, political upheaval, and market surprises. For the first time in years, China and
Europe outperformed US equity markets in dollar terms. Rates fell, and in Switzerland returned to zero, and
gold soared to all-time highs. In the US, markets rebounded from trade-driven volatility with AI-linked
innovation and spending as notable drivers.

As we enter 2026, the world stands at a crossroads: Can momentum from AI and innovation help markets and
economies achieve “escape velocity,” breaking free from the gravity of rising debt, political uncertainty, and
lingering inflation? Or will these forces pull us back to earth?

Our Year Ahead 2026 outlook, “Escape velocity?”, is designed to help you spot the signals that matter, cut
through the noise, and act with confidence. We see stocks moving higher, driven by powerful trends in AI,
power and resources, and longevity. As rates come down, it’s time to refocus on portfolio income.

But risks remain. If AI progress slows, inflation picks up again, or debt problems resurface, markets could face
new challenges. That’s where we come in. At UBS, our Chief Investment Office is your launchpad, providing
the research, insights, and solutions to help you move forward, whatever comes next.

Thank you for your trust. Let’s aim even higher in 2026, together.

Warm regards,

 Rob Karofsky Iqbal Khan
 Co-President Global Wealth Management Co-President Global Wealth Management
 and President UBS Americas and President UBS Asia Pacific

 5

## Page 6

Contents

 09 Escape velocity?

 13 Growth
 14 Can AI power the market even higher?

 17 Invest in transformational innovation

 22 The economic backdrop
 26 Add to equities
 31 Seek opportunities in China
 33 Favor commodities

 35 Income
 36 How will governments manage rising debt?
 39 Seek diversified income
 42 Our currency views for 2026

6

## Page 7

45 Diversification

 46 How will politics shape markets in 2026?
 47 Key risks

 48 Scenarios
 49 Hedge market risks
 51 Diversify with alternatives

 53 Building a robust portfolio

57 Looking back and looking ahead
 58 2025 in review
 59 Forecasts

 7

## Page 8

Escape velocity?

8

## Page 9

Mark Haefele
 Chief Investment Officer
 Global Wealth Management

In physics, “escape velocity” is the minimum speed AI is at the heart of the debate. The current boom
an object needs to break free from the gravitational has the potential to deliver the necessary productivity
pull of a massive body without further propulsion. improvements to overcome historical constraints and
 help economies achieve their own type of escape
As we enter 2026, investors are asking whether the velocity. Whether this potential is realized will depend
powerful combination of AI innovation, fiscal on investors’ willingness to keep funding AI, tech
spending, and easing monetary policy can help the leaders’ ability to monetize innovation, and the
world economy break free from the gravitational pull world’s capacity to supply the energy needed to
of traditional “end-of-cycle” dynamics and accelerate power it all.
into a new era of growth.

Figure 1
Can AI power the market even higher?
Nasdaq Composite Index (lhs) and weight of information technology sector in S&P 500, in % (rhs)

25,000 40

20,000 30

15,000
 20
10,000

 5,000 10

 0 0
 1990 1995 2000 2005 2010 2015 2020 2025

 Nasdaq Composite (lhs) IT sector weight in S&P 500, in % (rhs)

Sources: Bloomberg, UBS, as of 12 November 2025

 9

## Page 10

Debt is another critical factor in major developed the thawing of frozen conflicts—may fuel further
markets. Fiscal spending is supporting growth, but in volatility in 2026. Whether new policy approaches
many countries—especially those with aging can help us “escape” these age-old dynamics will be
populations—government outlays are already at another defining question for investors.
“escape velocity,” set to rise as a share of GDP unless
decisive action is taken. Despite the uncertainty surrounding these questions,
 we believe durable principles for investing in today’s
Deglobalization also looms large. The interplay of world are coming into focus. In previous editions of
trade policy, domestic politics, and geopolitics the Year Ahead, we discussed the “5Ds” of digi­
continues to exert a powerful force. The gravity of talization, decarbonization, debt, demographics, and
history—clashes between rising and established deglobalization. But these are no longer distant
powers, cycles of integration and fragmentation, and trends. They are actively shaping the investment

Figure 2 Figure 3
How will governments manage rising debt? How will politics shape markets in 2026?
US budget balance (lhs) and federal debt (rhs) as a % of GDP US effective tariff rate since 1915, in %

 4 140 20
 0 120 16
 100
 –4 80 12

 –8 60 8
 40
 –12 20 4

 –16 0 0

 1980 1995 2010 20251915 1965 1990 20151940

 US government budget balance, % of GDP (lhs) US federal debt, % of GDP (rhs)
 Sources: US International Trade Commission, Bloomberg, UBS, as of 12 November 2025

Sources: Bloomberg, UBS, as of 12 November 2025

10

## Page 11

the thawing of frozen conflicts—may fuel further landscape and remain central to our thinking as we and central bank funds into government bonds,
volatility in 2026. Whether new policy approaches look at the year ahead. As I wrote in “The New Rules suppressing yields. Meanwhile, the intersection of
can help us “escape” these age-old dynamics will be of Investing” and my “big problems, big money” trade policy, domestic politics, and geopolitics
another defining question for investors. thesis: Understanding where capital is being strengthens the case for portfolio hedging and multi-
 deployed at scale is critical for investors. asset diversification.
Despite the uncertainty surrounding these questions,
we believe durable principles for investing in today’s Accordingly, our focus is on sectors and ideas aligned Ultimately, while the future remains unpredictable,
world are coming into focus. In previous editions of with these forces. AI, power and resources, longevity, we are confident that pairing our disciplined
the Year Ahead, we discussed the “5Ds” of digi­ and commodities stand out as beneficiaries of both analytical framework and our timeless asset
talization, decarbonization, debt, demographics, and structural change and policy support. Rising debt allocation principles will help investors navigate 2026
deglobalization. But these are no longer distant points to a future of “financial repression”—a and beyond.
trends. They are actively shaping the investment regulatory and policy regime that channels savings

 Figure 3
 How will politics shape markets in 2026?
 US effective tariff rate since 1915, in %

 20

 16

 12

 8

 4

 0
 1915 1965 1990 20151940

 Sources: US International Trade Commission, Bloomberg, UBS, as of 12 November 2025

 11

## Page 12

Our views

* AI and technology have been key drivers of global * Income-seeking investors should diversify by blend-
 equity markets. Strong capex and adoption should ing quality bonds and higher-yielding strategies
 fuel further gains in 2026, though investors should with income-generating equities and structured
 be mindful of bubble risks. investments, especially in low-yield regions.

* Opportunities span AI’s enabling, intelligence, and * Currency strategy matters. We favor the euro and
 application layers, as well as power and resources Australian dollar over the US dollar, as US rate cuts
 and longevity. We recommend allocating up to may weigh on the greenback. Financial repression
 30% of equity portfolios to these structural growth could lead to greater currency volatility in future.
 ideas.
 * Key risks include AI setbacks, inflation, trade ten-
* We expect global economic growth to stay resil- sions, and debt concerns. Holding adequate liquid-
 ient, and accelerate through the year. In the US, ity, capital preservation structures to lock in gains,
 we favor technology, utilities, and health care. In quality bonds, and gold can help hedge market
 Europe, we like industrials, technology, and utili- risks.
 ties. In Asia, we favor China (in particular tech),
 Japan, Hong Kong, Singapore, and India. Globally, * Alternatives such as hedge funds and private mar-
 we also like banks. kets can further diversify returns, though investors
 should be aware of inherent risks such as illiquidity
* China’s tech sector stands out as a top global and lower transparency.
 opportunity. Strong liquidity, earnings, and retail
 flows should sustain momentum for Chinese, * By building a clear plan, deploying cash, construct-
 Asian, and emerging market equities. ing a strong core across equities, fixed income, and
 alternatives, as well as selectively hedging risks and
* Commodities look attractive for 2026. Supply con- seizing tactical opportunities, investors can position
 straints and rising demand support energy, metals, themselves to thrive in 2026 and beyond.
 and agriculture; precious metals remain effective
 diversifiers.

 To find out more about the
 Year Ahead 2026, visit
 ubs.com/yearahead

12

## Page 13

Growth

 13

## Page 14

Can AI power the
market even higher?

AI-linked innovation has been the engine of the market’s ascent in recent
years. Investors should remain mindful of the risks inherent in any invest-
ment boom. Yet, we believe that powerful trends in capex and accelerat-
ing adoption are likely to drive further gains for AI-linked stocks in the
year ahead.

A I mat ter s
 Figure 4
IT and communication services stocks—many driven Estimated compute demand for chatbot,
by advances in AI—now account for 36% of the enterprise, and agentic AI
MSCI AC World index. And the top nine US tech In exaFLOP/s
stocks have driven 72% of the growth in the Russell
3000 US equity index over the past 12 months, high- 2024 2030
lighting their dominant role. 2 44

Investment in AI infrastructure is having a growing di- 12 326
rect impact on the economy, with the contribution to 250
US real GDP growth from information processing
equipment and software rising from 0.2ppt in 4Q19
to 0.8ppt in 2Q25. 163 19,627

The surge in AI­driven stocks is also influencing con-
sumer sentiment, with US household wealth held in
equity markets up by USD 24 trillion in the past five
years.

Looking ahead, we see two critical factors driving AI: Chatbot Enterprise AI Agentic AI
the sustainability of capital expenditure (capex) trends
and continued investor confidence in the long­term Source: UBS, as of 12 November 2025
returns on these investments. Note: ExaFLOPS stands for one quintillion (10¹⁸) ﬂoating point operations
 per second. It is a unit used to measure the processing speed of
 supercomputers, indicating how many complex calculations the system
 can perform every second. Enterprise AI here refers to simple Q&A
 chatbots, such as customer support bots.

14

## Page 15

Capex: Engine of near-term grow th Figure 5
 The revenue potential from AI is vast
Robust AI capex has powered market performance. CIO estimates, assuming a USD 117tr global economy
The Nasdaq Composite is up 107% in three years,
and semicon ductors (SOX index) have done even bet- Assuming labor accounts for around 50% of the world economy, ...
ter (157%). Capex estimates have been exceeded
threefold over the past two years. ... AI can automate a third of tasks, ...

For momentum to continue, tech leaders and investors ... and vendors capture 10% of resulting value, ...

must believe future demand justifies today’s signifi- ... we estimate
cant investments. Recent data center expansion USD 1.5tr annual
means installed chip capacity could support a 25-fold AI revenues from
 end-users.
increase in chatbot usage. But it is not just chatbots—
anticipation of the next wave, including agentic AI
(multiple specialized agents collaborating to replicate
knowledge work), physical AI (robots, autonomous ve-
hicles), and AI video, could drive further capex growth. Sources: IMF, UBS, as of 12 November 2025

Businesses are rapidly becoming major AI users;
agentic AI could drive compute demand to five times
today’s installed base by 2030. Monetization: A crucial test

Physical AI could push demand even higher. With mil- While investment is driving the current phase of
lions of robots already deployed and projections for a growth, the success or failure of AI-linked investments
million humanoid robots sold annually by 2030, the will ultimately hinge on whether companies can de-
need for computing power could soar even further. liver attractive returns on those investments.

Overall, we project a further cumulative USD 4.7tr in We believe the revenue potential is vast: If we as-
global AI capex between 2026 and 2030, with sume that labor accounts for around 50% of the
USD 2.4tr already planned based on more than 40 world economy, that AI can automate a third of
announcements disclosed this year alone. tasks, and that vendors capture a 10% share of the
 resulting value, longer-term annual AI revenues from
We expect USD 571bn of this spending to come in end-users could reach USD 1.5tr.
2026 (versus our previous estimate of USD 500bn,
and compared to an estimated USD 423bn in 2025), Thus far, monetization is lagging capex. Capex as a
and project capex to grow by a 25% CAGR in 2025- percentage of operating cash flows for the largest
30 to reach USD 1.3tr annually by 2030. tech “hyperscalers” has risen from around 40% in
 2023 to close to 70% in 2025.

 15

## Page 16

Figure 6 daily time savings: Adecco found an average of one
AI capex remains low in GDP terms hour saved per day, while Forbes reported 52 minutes.
Historical investment impulses, % of global GDP
 In turn, the accelerating cloud revenue growth and
 even faster backlog growth across leading platforms,
 UK railroads (1860s) as reported in the 3Q25 earnings season, reinforce our
 US railroads (1880s) confidence in AI’s substantial monetization potential.
 Looking ahead, we expect value will increasingly shift
US auto infrastructure (1910s) from the enablers to the application layer.

 US electric motor (1920s)

 US ICT hardware (1990s)
 Risks: Lessons from histor y
 US telecom (1990s)

 UBS CIO AI capex projection Can AI achieve escape velocity? Unlike in rocket sci-
 0 1 2 3 4 5ence, where reaching escape velocity follows precise
 physical laws, the path for financial markets is rarely
Sources: Goldman Sachs, Bureau of Economic Analysis, IMF, UBS, as of smooth or predictable.
12 November 2025
 No investment “lift­off” has occurred without turbu-
 lence—fears about oversupply, bottlenecks, pricing
Nevertheless, history shows it is common for new power, or obsolescence. If dealmaking among large
technologies to launch at little or no cost to encour- firms becomes more circular, with repeated transac-
age uptake, with pricing power—and profits— tions or cross­investments, financial vulnerabilities
emerging once users become reliant. This was seen in may also emerge.
social media, cloud storage, and enterprise software.
 Still, the historical context is encouraging. Our AI ca-
For now, we believe the critical trends to watch are pex projection of USD 1.3tr by 2030 would account
the breadth and depth of AI adoption and early signs for around 1% of global GDP, below historical infra-
of value creation. U.S. Census Bureau data show that structure investment impulses over the past 150 years
around 10% of businesses are already using AI to (railroads, automotive, computers, telecom), which
produce goods or services, a level expected to rise to ranged from 1.5% to 4.5% of global GDP annually.
14% within the next six months. Our analysis sug-
gests adoption typically accelerates further after this While investors should remain mindful of the risks,
threshold. we believe that trends in capex and accelerating
 adoption will be sufficient to push AI­linked stocks
Early adopters already report tangible value creation even higher in 2026.
and increasing reliance on AI. Multiple studies show

16

## Page 17

Invest in transformational
 innovation

We expect transformational innovation to be a key driver of equity market returns in the years ahead. In artifi-
cial intelligence, opportunities span the enabling, intelligence, and application layers. The surge in data center
demand is fueling investment in power and grid infrastructure. And we expect companies pioneering treat-
ments and technologies to extend healthy lifespans to emerge as market leaders. We believe investors should
consider reallocating up to 30% of a diversified equity portfolio toward such structural trends.

AI

Our AI investment framework divides the artificial in- The enabling layer comprises the core infrastructure
telligence (AI) ecosystem into three distinct layers: en- and foundational technologies that power AI, includ-
abling, intelligence, and application. ing semiconductors, cloud computing, networking

Figure 7
Artificial intelligence: Where value accrues in the AI chain will shift over time

We forecast USD 3.1tr in 2030 AI revenue; 30% six-year CAGR across the enabling, intelligence, and application layers

 Enabling layer Intelligence layer Application layer

 AI data centers

 Infrastructure Cloud LLMs Applications
 GPUs, memory, Public and private Text, image, and Co-pilot, assistants,
 interconnects, cloud solutions video marketing,
 SSD,other data customer service,
 center capex R&D, humanoids
2030E Revenue USD 1.3tr USD 990bn USD 346bn USD 495bn

Source: UBS, as of 12 November 2025

 17

## Page 18

equipment, and specialized hardware. We expect de- Power and resources
mand for advanced chips and high-performance
computing to benefit such firms. Rapid AI adoption is driving US electricity demand
 higher, with data centers projected to add as much
The intelligence layer covers the software, algorithms, power demand as Sweden currently consumes per
and data platforms that enable AI systems to learn, year by 2030. Data centers could account for up to
reason, and generate insights. This includes AI model 9% of total US electricity use by 2035 (versus around
developers, data management firms, and providers of 4% today), and the Energy Information Administra-
machine-learning tools. Monetizing innovation re- tion expects wholesale power prices to be 23%
mains a challenge for pure­play AI software firms; higher on average in 2025 than in 2024.
however, we believe companies embedding AI into
workflows or offering scalable platforms are well po- While AI is a key driver, significant grow th in the
sitioned for growth. pipeline of megaprojects should also add to broader
 electricity demand grow th in coming years.
The application layer consists of end-user products and
services that leverage AI to deliver value. We expect
the broadest impact and fastest growth here over the Figure 8
next three years, as AI shifts from experimentation to Data center electricity demands are surging
deployment and as consumer adoption rises. We con- US data center electricity demand as % of total demand, including
tinue to monitor companies that can demonstrate Bloomberg New Energy Finance (BNEF) forecasts for 2035
clear productivity gains, cost savings, or new revenue
streams from their tools.
 2035E
Overall, we recommend investing in a balanced way
across the enabling, intelligence, and application lay-
ers to capture the full spectrum of growth opportuni- 8.6%
ties and manage risks as the technology matures. 2024
This diversified approach should allow investors to
benefit from further investment in core infrastruc- 3.2%
ture, as well as from software innovation and real­ 2015
world adoption, while reducing exposure to any sin- 0.7%
gle segment’s volatility.

 Sources: BloombergNEF, Ember, UBS, as of 12 November 2025

18

## Page 19

Policy support for clean energy remains robust in the clear reactors is expected to rise, though small modu-
EU and China, with the EU Green Deal and China’s lar reactors are unlikely to be a material revenue
Five Year Plan channeling hundreds of billions into driver before the mid-2030s.
grid modernization. In the US, selected provisions of
the Inflation Reduction Act remain in place, but the Meanwhile, a tightening supply of raw materials is
Bipartisan Infrastructure Law and the One Big Beauti- both a challenge and an opportunity. For example,
ful Bill (OBBB) Act have superseded many elements, we expect copper demand to rise by close to 3%,
making policy support more mixed and subject to on- likely pushing prices above USD 13,000/mt in 2026
going legislative changes. as the market deficit expands to 87,000 metric tons
 (from 53,000 metric tons in 2025).
The power and resources sector is attracting strate -
gic investor focus as higher demand drives new cap - Our preferred investment approach emphasizes re-
ital investment across the electricity value chain. gional and sectoral diversification. Each region offers
Global grid investment is projected to reach around attractive opportunities in grid modernization, renew-
USD 500bn in 2026. ables, and critical materials, while diversification can
 reduce investor exposure to regional regulatory, sup-
Over the long term, demand for new technologies ply, or idiosyncratic risks.
such as AI-driven grid management and modular nu-

Sustainable investing

Many of the underlying drivers for the power and re- economy and recycling solutions is essential to miti-
sources opportunity—electrification, resource effi- gate supply risks and capture growth opportunities.
ciency, and policy developments—also speak to an Meanwhile, climate adaptation is gaining attention
expanding opportunity set in sustainable investing. as financial losses rise, with insured catastrophe
 losses reaching USD 150bn in 2025 (Swiss Re).
Global investment in the energy transition reached a
record USD 2.1tr in 2024 (+11% y/y), with China be- These trends, alongside ongoing policy support, are
ing the largest market for investment, accounting for expanding the universe of investable asset classes—
USD 818bn in spending alone. Resource efficiency is enabling multi-asset portfolios to capture growth and
increasingly critical, as material use has more than tri- diversification opportunities, even as political debate
pled over five decades, yet only 6.9% is recycled around sustainability continues.
(“Circularity Gap Report 2024”). Scaling up circular

 19

## Page 20

Longevit y
 Figure 9
As technology and infrastructure reshape the way we Annual revenues set to grow
live and work, we believe another powerful force is 2023-30 CAGR for the longevity opportunity
emerging at the intersection of demographics and in-
novation: the longevity opportunity that helps people
live longer, healthier lives.

By 2030, we estimate that annual revenues in the
global longevity market could reach USD 8tr, up from Global diabetes and Oncology Medical
USD 5.3tr in 2023, with health care alone represent- obesity drugs pharma devices
ing a USD 2.2tr opportunity.
 12% 8% 5%
We see particularly strong potential growth in the
obesity, oncology, and medical device markets. Source: UBS, as of 12 November 2025

For global obesity drugs (GLP-1s), we expect produc-
ers to grow revenues at around 12% CAGR through growth in the mid- to high-single-digit percentage
2030, driven by rapid adoption given clinical benefits rates. Advances in continuous glucose monitoring
(with delivered 15-22% weight loss in trials and re- and minimally invasive surgery should support strong
duced cardiovascular/kidney risks), expanding insur- demand.
ance coverage, and the potential launches of oral
GLP-1s from next year. We favor a diversified approach across sectors poised
 to benefit from demographic shifts. Health care
We expect oncology pharma to grow at an 8% stands out as a primary driver of longevity, given its
CAGR by 2030. Aging demographics, the emergence essential role in serving an aging population. Other
of new cancer modalities and earlier diagnoses un- segments—such as consumer markets, financial ser-
derpin robust demand. vices, and real estate—also present opportunities,
 though some are still adapting their business models
We also anticipate strong overall medical device to address the needs of this expanding demographic.
growth, with diabetes and surgical device annual

20

## Page 21

Integrating transformational innovation into a portfolio

Recent history has shown that exposure to gies to consider: investing in a range of struc-
structural growth opportunities can improve the tural trends, focusing on a single structural
performance of equity portfolios. We believe trend, or selecting single stocks linked to one or
that this will remain a feature of global markets more trends.
in the years to come.
 In our report “Investing in structural trends
Most investors’ equity portfolios will likely al- through equities,” we explore how reallocating
ready have some exposure to structural trends, between 10% and 30% of a broadly diversi -
intentionally or not. We estimate that a purely fied equity portfolio toward a blend of such
passive portfolio invested in the MSCI AC World strategies, can raise the structural growth ex -
already includes exposure of approximately posure of a passive equity portfolio from 39%
40% to our TRIOs (as of end of October 2025). to between 45% and 58%. Practically, this
 could include up to a 10% allocation to a di -
For investors looking to increase their potential versified approach, alongside 2 ­5 single­trend
for outperformance by investing more explicitly or single-stock strategies.
in structural trends, we broadly see three strate-

Figure 10
Allocation to structural investment trends can complement portfolio exposures

TRIO exposure in MSCI ACWI (in %) and resulting exposure (in %) in MSCI ACWI with additional 10-30% allocation to structural
trends

 Current TRIO exposure reallocating 10-30% to a diversiﬁed structural trend exposure of sample
 in MSCI ACWI + =approach, alongside single-trend or portfolio as % of MSCI ACWI
 single-stock strategies

 Others OthersAI

 Longevity
 AI Power and
 resources
 Diversiﬁed
 Longevity multi-structural
 Power and resources trends
 Single structural trends*

*Diversiﬁed mix of TRIOs and other longer-term structural topics with a maximum 4-5% of total equity exposure per topic
Sources: MSCI, UBS, as of 12 November 2025

 21

## Page 22

The economic
backdrop

We expect the economic backdrop to be supportive of stocks in 2026.
Growth enters the year somewhat uneven, but as the year evolves, we
expect business and consumer confidence to improve, fiscal stimulus in
major advanced economies to gain traction, and tariff effects to fade.

US Euro p e

We expect real US GDP growth of close to 2% for We forecast Eurozone growth of just over 1% in
2026, similar to 2025, though annual growth figures 2026, though also expect growth to accelerate
obscure an underlying acceleration. throughout the year. Consumer sentiment remains
 cautious, savings rates are high, and the region con-
As we enter 2026, we could face a period of softness tinues to face headwinds from US trade policy. But Figure 11
for the US economy as tariff­related pressures on Germany’s fiscal stimulus and infrastructure invest- US household finances remain solid, especially among middle­ and upper ­income groups
prices and exports persist. Labor market conditions ment are expected to provide support, with domestic Total net worth across different income groups in US by percentile, in USD trillions
are also likely to remain soft, reflecting reduced labor demand benefiting from rising real incomes and a ro-
supply and more cautious hiring. However, into the bust labor market.
second half of the year, we expect growth to acceler- 80 80-99th percentile
ate. Business sentiment should benefit from a shift in While we think headline inflation will fall below the
policy focus toward targeted tax cuts and deregula- European Central Bank’s (ECB) 2% target in 2026, 60
tion as midterms approach, and we expect consumer we also expect medium-term expectations to remain
demand to be underpinned by solid wage growth stable, allowing the ECB to keep rates steady. The 40 Top 1%
and healthy household balance sheets among mid- Russia-Ukraine war remains a source of uncertainty,
dle- and upper-income groups. but a ceasefire and reconstruction could lead to a 20 60-80th percentile
 more favorable growth outlook. 40-60th percentile
 20-40th percentile
We expect inflation to peak in the second quarter, at 0 Bottom 20%
just over 3%. We expect the Federal Reserve to im- 1990 1995 2000 2005 2010 2015 2020 2025
plement two additional rate cuts by the end of the
first quarter, moving toward a neutral policy stance. Sources: US Federal Reserve, UBS, as of 12 November 2025
While the appointment of a new Fed chair introduces
some uncertainty, we expect monetary policy to re-
main data dependent.

22

## Page 23

A sia

 We expect APAC ex-Japan growth to stay robust at upgrades and supply chain diversification should help
 just under 5%, but with a soft start and a stronger support economic stability in the face of global un-
 finish to 2026 as lower interest rates take effect. certainties.
 China is expected to set a growth target of 4.5-
 5.0%, prioritizing technology innovation and indus- Key regional macro themes include the expanded
 trial upgrades under its new Five Year Plan. build-out of tech supply chains, domestic consump-
 tion upturn in Japan and India, and a revival in re-
 On the policy front, the recent US­China trade truce gional credit growth, which should benefit banks and
US is a positive development, though many details re- consumer-related investment opportunities across the
 main unresolved—especially regarding semiconduc - region.
We expect real US GDP growth of close to 2% for tors. Meanwhile, China’s ongoing focus on domestic
2026, similar to 2025, though annual growth figures
obscure an underlying acceleration.

As we enter 2026, we could face a period of softness Figure 11
for the US economy as tariff­related pressures on US household finances remain solid, especially among middle­ and upper­income groups
prices and exports persist. Labor market conditions Total net worth across different income groups in US by percentile, in USD trillions
are also likely to remain soft, reflecting reduced labor
supply and more cautious hiring. However, into the
second half of the year, we expect growth to acceler- 80 80-99th percentile
ate. Business sentiment should benefit from a shift in
policy focus toward targeted tax cuts and deregula- 60
tion as midterms approach, and we expect consumer
demand to be underpinned by solid wage growth 40 Top 1%
and healthy household balance sheets among mid-
dle- and upper-income groups. 20 60-80th percentile
 40-60th percentile
 20-40th percentile
We expect inflation to peak in the second quarter, at 0 Bottom 20%
just over 3%. We expect the Federal Reserve to im- 1990 1995 2000 2005 2010 2015 2020 2025
plement two additional rate cuts by the end of the
first quarter, moving toward a neutral policy stance. Sources: US Federal Reserve, UBS, as of 12 November 2025
While the appointment of a new Fed chair introduces
some uncertainty, we expect monetary policy to re-
main data dependent.

 23

## Page 24

Postcards
from around
the world

Europe is a continent rich in opportunities yet ripe with contradic-
tions. Some of its 44 countries rank among the most innovative,
successful economies in the world. It attracts more international
tourists and students than any other region. Its quality of life and
city-attractiveness rank high. Travel to Athens, Berne, Paris, Prague,
Rome, Vienna, or Zurich and you will find historical heritage and
good public infrastructure. Its prolific luxury goods industry sells
more watches, handbags, high-end cars, and other pricey goods
than any other continent.

Yet, Europe is punching below its weight. Former German Chancel-
lor Angela Merkel’s comment, “Europe represents 7% of the
world’s population, 25% of the world’s GDP and 50% of the Europe
world’s social spending” still resonates. While US workers clock
around 1,800 hours/year, the Germans only work 1,335 hours/year Burkhard Varnholt
—four months less. Europe’s GDP and stock market capitalization
pale in comparison to the US “Magnificent 7”. Its politics, regula- Senior Financial Markets Advisor
tion and bureaucracy are fiendishly complex. And yet. European
leaders are feeling the heat. Change is in the air and markets like it.
2025’s buoyant European stock markets could be a harbinger of
more to come.

24

## Page 25

America’s business landscape is a study in resilience and reinven-
tion. From bustling city startups to family­run firms in small towns,
optimism is returning after a year of uncertainty. The policy fog
has begun to lift, and the OBBB Act offers fresh tax incentives, an
encouraging tailwind for companies eager to invest and expand.
Deregulation is back on the agenda. The Trump administration
push, especially for banks, is opening doors for entrepreneurs and
smaller firms, while financial conditions continue to loosen. M&A
and IPO activity is stirring, hinting at a more vibrant exit environ-
ment for owners ready to take the next step.

Contradictions remain. Weak spending by lower-income consum-
ers tempers the mood on Main Street. Labor shortages persist in US
key industries, shaped by shifting demographics and immigration Jason Draho
patterns. And the relentless march of AI and trade policy disrup-
tion keeps even the most seasoned business leaders on their toes.
Still, the spirit of American enterprise endures. If policy clarity Head of Asset Allocation, CIO Americas
holds and innovation continues, 2026 could mark a year where
opportunity outweighs challenge, and business owners find them-
selves once again in the driver’s seat.

China’s landscape in 2026 is defined by both challenge and op-
portunity. Exports remain resilient, tech demand is robust, and tar-
geted subsidies continue to support consumer spending. The 15th
Five Year Plan puts innovation and industrial upgrades front and
center. The government’s commitment to doubling GDP per cap-
ita by 2035 signals a decade of ambitious growth, but also rising
expectations for quality, security, and global competitiveness.

Trade tensions with the US persist, but China’s strategy—upgrad -
ing domestic industries, opening new markets, diversifying supply
chains—means nimble businesses can find new footholds. For
those able to navigate policy shifts and invest in technology, the
rewards could be significant. A sia

Across the region, confidence is building. Tech supply chains re- Yifan Hu
main strong, and domestic revivals across the region are opening
doors in sectors from energy to infrastructure and finance. Chief Investment Officer Greater China

The region’s dynamism is real—but so is the need to adapt quickly
and seize the opportunities that volatility brings.

 25

## Page 26

Add to equities

We expect global equities to rise by around 15% by the end of 2026, as markets continue to build on the
momentum established in recent years, and we think investors underallocated to stocks should add to equities.
Our positive views on US tech and US equities are core drivers, but we also expect performance from the
health care, utilities, and banking sectors, as well as in Europe, Japan, China, and emerging markets.

US equities

The US remains the core engine for global equities, pect new clarity on drug pricing and pharma tariffs to Figure 12
with strong earnings growth, high profitability, and support improved performance. We see upside in se- Magnificent 7 companies remain key drivers of S&P 500 earnings growth
the accelerating impact of AI, power and resources, lect companies with exposure to large and growing Contribution to S&P 500 EPS growth, %, actuals and CIO estimates
and longevity expected to drive 2026 performance. markets such as obesity, while the sector’s less corre-
Healthy consumer demand, supportive monetary pol- lated earnings profile could prove valuable if eco-
icy, and fiscal support reinforce our positive outlook. nomic growth slows. 15

 10
We forecast S&P 500 earnings per share to reach Utilities. We also favor US utilities, with the sector
USD 305 in 2026—up 10% year over year—and see now benefiting from AI­driven power demand and 5
the index advancing to 7,700 by year-end. The Mag- ongoing digital infrastructure buildout. Electricity de-
nificent 7 will continue to be major contributors, con- mand growth—driven by AI data centers and indus - 0
tributing to around half of our earnings growth ex- trial manufacturing—is accelerating, prompting in -
pectations. creased capital investment in power infrastructure ₋5
 and supporting robust earnings growth. With more
Within US equities, we also see compelling opportu- than half the sector by market cap having significant ₋10
 1Q22 2Q22 3Q22 4Q22 1Q23 2Q23 3Q23 4Q23 1Q24 2Q24 3Q24 4Q24 1Q25 2Q25 3Q25E 4Q25E
nities in health care, utilities, and banking, broaden- leverage to these trends, and utilities trading at a
ing the foundation for further gains. 18% discount to the S&P 500 with a dividend yield Magniﬁcent 7 S&P 500 ex-Magniﬁcent 7
 of 2.7%, we see a compelling combination of
Health care. We see the US health care sector growth and defensive income potential. Sources: FactSet, UBS, as of 12 November 2025
emerging from a period of policy uncertainty and ex-

26

## Page 27

Banks. Banks—in the US and globally—are increas- Europe. We upgrade European equities to Attractive,
 ingly well­capitalized and profitable, with return on with a particular focus on the Eurozone. After three
 equity rising to 11.5% in 2025 and further gains ex- years of stagnant earnings, profit growth should ac-
 pected. Supported by favorable net interest margin celerate to 7% in 2026 and 18% in 2027, driven by
 trends, improving loan growth, strong capital markets recovering goods spending, disciplined cost control,
 activity, and potential for deregulation in some mar- and supportive ECB policy—including 200bps in rate
 kets, we think the sector offers both attractive valua- cuts already delivered. Germany’s plan to invest over
 tions and potential for shareholder returns. 20% of GDP in infrastructure and defense strength-
 ens the fiscal outlook and boosts capital investment.
 Banks are healthier, with rising loan growth, asset re-
 Opportunities beyond the US pricing, and fee income, while Eurozone equities of-
 fer meaningful exposure to power and resources, and
 Beyond the US, we also see opportunities in Europe, longevity. Valuations remain reasonable: Eurozone
 Japan, and China. stocks trade at 15.2x forward price-to-earnings—a
 10% premium to the long-run average— and at a
US equities

The US remains the core engine for global equities, Figure 12
with strong earnings growth, high profitability, and Magnificent 7 companies remain key drivers of S&P 500 earnings growth
the accelerating impact of AI, power and resources, Contribution to S&P 500 EPS growth, %, actuals and CIO estimates
and longevity expected to drive 2026 performance.
Healthy consumer demand, supportive monetary pol-
icy, and fiscal support reinforce our positive outlook. 15

 10
We forecast S&P 500 earnings per share to reach
USD 305 in 2026—up 10% year over year—and see 5
the index advancing to 7,700 by year-end. The Mag-
nificent 7 will continue to be major contributors, con- 0
tributing to around half of our earnings growth ex-
pectations. ₋5

Within US equities, we also see compelling opportu- ₋10
 1Q22 2Q22 3Q22 4Q22 1Q23 2Q23 3Q23 4Q23 1Q24 2Q24 3Q24 4Q24 1Q25 2Q25 3Q25E 4Q25E
nities in health care, utilities, and banking, broaden-
ing the foundation for further gains. Magniﬁcent 7 S&P 500 ex-Magniﬁcent 7

Health care. We see the US health care sector Sources: FactSet, UBS, as of 12 November 2025
emerging from a period of policy uncertainty and ex-

 27

## Page 28

22% discount to global peers. With investor enthusi- Figure 13
asm faded and the outlook improving, we see this as Valuations are elevated but not at the peak
an opportune entry point. Within Europe, we favor yet
industrials, technology, and utilities, as well as “Euro- S&P 500 12-month forward P/E, with average since 1985 and maxi-
pean leaders” positioned to benefit from both policy mum highlighted
and structural growth.

Japan. While political uncertainty may contribute to 30
volatility in the near term, we expect more accommo- 25
dative policies under the new government to support 20
the market over the medium term. An earlier-than-ex-
pected recovery in corporate earnings, improvements 15
in returns on equity, and valuations that are lower 10
than in other regions should also prove supportive, in 5
our view. Japanese companies’ efforts to improve
capital efficiency and shareholder returns may also 0
help the market sustain its upward trajectory. 1985 1995 2005 2015 2025

 S&P 500 12m fwd P/E Average since 1985
 Dotcom peak

 Sources: Reﬁnitiv Datastream, UBS, as of 12 November 2025

Figure 14
We expect upside for equity markets

Overview of CIO forecasts for select price targets, valuations (current price over our forecast), earnings, and dividend yields (consensus)

 Spot Target 2026 P/E 2026 EPS growth 2026 dividend yield
 (consensus)

 S&P 500 6,851 7,700 22.5x 10% 1.2%
 Euro Stoxx 50 5,787 6,200 17.0x 7% 3.0%
 Topix 3,359 3,600 16.6x 7% 2.3%
 MSCI China 88 102 12.4x 14% 2.1%
 FTSE 100 9,911 10,000 14.5x 5% 3.5%
 SMI 12,794 13,600 17.2x 5% 3.2%

Source: Refinitiv DataStream, UBS, as of 12 November 2025

28

## Page 29

Are stocks too expensive?

Global equity valuations remain elevated. The History suggests that high valuations alone
MSCI All Country World Index trades at over 19 times rarely end a rally. For example, warnings about “ir -
12-month forward earnings—about 30% above its rational exuberance” in 1996 came years before the
20-year average. This premium is largely driven by Nasdaq peak, and concerns about a “QE bubble” in
the growth of highly valued sectors like IT, which 2013 were followed by further gains. Elevated valua-
now represent over 28% of the index, up from just tions can point to more modest long-term returns,
11% a decade ago. and the S&P 500 may struggle to match its 9.7% av-
 erage annual return of the past two decades. How-
Valuations are especially high in the US. The S&P ever, markets can continue to advance as long as
500 trades at 23 times forward earnings, near the profit growth and liquidity remain strong.
top of its historical range. While the Nasdaq’s 30×
trailing P/E is well below the dotcom bubble peak, it Earnings growth will be key. We expect S&P 500
still reflects significant optimism. Outside the US, val- earnings per share to rise 11% in 2025 and 10% in
uations are more moderate: European and Chinese 2026, supporting near-term upside. Longer term, if
equities are 10% and 7% above their 20-year aver- AI delivers on its promise, markets have the potential
age valuations, respectively, and Japan’s index trades to “grow into” current valuations. An AI disappoint-
at a discount to its long-term average. ment is a key risk.

 29

## Page 30

Building a strategic equity portfolio

Building a strategic equity portfolio requires bal-
ancing long-term growth objectives with risk Figure 15
management and diversification. US equities account for nearly two-thirds of
For most investors, equities should form the the global MSCI ACWI benchmark
core of a growth-oriented portfolio, typically Country weights in MSCI ACWI, %
comprising 30%–70% of total assets, depend-
ing on risk tolerance, investment horizon, and Others 14.4%
financial goals. Regular rebalancing back to- 64.7% US
ward a long-term target is an important part of Switzerland 2.0%
managing risk levels and maintaining discipline. China 3.2%
 UK 3.2%
Regional diversification is essential. The MSCI Japan 4.9%
All Country World Index (ACWI) offers a bench- Eurozone 7.7%
mark. As a rule of thumb, we think exposure to
the US should typically account for at least half
of a global equity portfolio, with at least 20%
in other global markets. Sources: MSCI, UBS, as of 12 November 2025

We believe that investors looking to bolster po-
tential for outperformance can consider reallo-
cating up to 30% of an existing broadly diversi-
fied equity portfolio toward such strategies
linked to structural growth (see page 21). To
further enhance diversification, investors can
also consider incorporating exposure to quanti-
tative or factor-based strategies alongside tradi-
tionally constructed allocations.

30

## Page 31

Seek opportunities
 in China

AI innovation and spending are driving strong growth in China’s tech sector, with earnings expected to rise sig-
nificantly in 2026. This is fueling Chinese equities more broadly, helped by healthy liquidity and reasonable valu-
ations. For investors seeking diversification, we like broader exposure to Asia, with positive trends in technology
investment, solid earnings, and attractive valuations across the region. In particular, India and Singapore stand
out as beneficiaries as their business cycles and corporate profits improve.

China tech Chinese equities

China’s tech sector ramped up innovation in 2025, Beyond technology, the broader Chinese equity out-
with notable advances across the AI value chain. New look has improved. Economic growth may stay
Chinese AI models have shown tech leadership, and muted, but equities should be supported by stronger
supportive policy is reinforcing ecosystem resilience. domestic liquidity, robust earnings, and rising retail
Despite strong performance this year, valuations re- flows. Government stimulus has been modest, but
main at a significant discount to global peers and be- new support for manufacturing and technology is
low historical highs, suggesting potential for rerating. likely in the upcoming Five Year Plan. Current valua-
We expect strong earnings growth in 2026 to drive tions are above historical averages but well below
China’s tech stocks higher (see Fig. 16), and view the prior peaks. Dips arising from US-China tensions may
sector as a high-conviction idea within global equities. offer opportunities to build positions.

 31

## Page 32

A sia ex-Japan Emerging market s

Positive returns for China and its tech sector should Investing in emerging markets offers not only a diver-
also support positive returns for Asia ex-Japan equity sified way to invest in China, but also diversified ex-
indices, and we expect double-digit returns by the posure to global AI and tech innovation beyond the
end of 2026. A benign regional macro outlook and a US, with tech-related sectors now accounting for
weaker US dollar should provide additional support. over 40% of the MSCI EM Index. We expect high-
Positive AI capex developments across Asia are a single-digit returns for EM equities by the end of
growth tailwind, earnings growth is solid, and the 2026, supported by a constructive macro backdrop,
breadth of revisions continues to improve. Regional Fed easing, and a softer US dollar—all of which im-
valuations look appealing, trading at a discount to prove financial conditions and attract capital flows.
global peers. Beyond mainland China, India should
benefit from rising corporate profits, Singapore from
shareholder value initiatives, and Hong Kong from
lower interest rates.

Figure 16
China’s tech sector should rise amid strong earnings growth in 2026

Hang Seng Tech 12­months trailing EPS (lhs) and price index (rhs), including CIO estimates

600 10,000

 8,000
400 6,000

200 4,000

 2,000

 0 0
 1Q21 3Q21 1Q22 3Q22 1Q23 3Q23 1Q24 3Q24 1Q25 3Q254Q26E4Q27E

 12-month trailing EPS (lhs) Hang Seng Tech Index (rhs)

 Sources: Bloomberg, UBS, as of 12 November 2025

32

## Page 33

Favor
 commodities

Commodities are set to play a more prominent role in portfolios in 2026. Our forecasts point to attractive returns,
supported by supply-demand imbalances, heightened geopolitical risks, and long-term trends like the global
energy transition. Because commodities have historically shown low correlation with equities and bonds, they
can help cushion portfolios during periods of market stress. Within the asset class, we see particular opportuni-
ties in copper, aluminum, and agricultural commodities, while gold remains a valuable diversifier.

Precious metals

Precious metals have had an exceptionally strong run mains a valuable hedge, supported by central bank
in 2025 as political and economic uncertainty drove buying, large fiscal deficits, and ongoing geopolitical
“safe-haven” demand. A late-2025 consolidation risks. Silver also benefits from rising demand in elec-
was unsurprising after such a rapid rally, but we see tronics and photovoltaics.
further upside to gold and silver in 2026. Gold re-

Figure 17
Commodities performance was mixed in 2025

Total returns index for select commodity classes, rebased since 2025

 180

 160
 140 Precious metals

 120

 110 Industrial metals

 100 Agriculture
 Energy
 80
 Jan 2025 Apr 2025 Jul 2025 Oct 2025

Sources: Bloomberg, UBS, as of 12 November 2025

 33

## Page 34

Energ y minum are projected to encounter further supply
 shortages that may push prices higher. The global
Oil prices have lagged other commodities in 2025 transition to clean energy and electrification contin-
amid slower-than-expected demand growth and am- ues to drive demand for these metals, making them a
ple supply from the Americas. That said, we expect a key structural investment.
combination of stalling supply growth in non­OPEC+,
and a modest demand recovery to push prices mean-
ingfully higher from mid-2026. Energy commodities Agriculture and livestock
can also offer a hedge against geopolitical shocks,
especially in the Middle East. After a year of poor performance, we believe agricul-
 tural commodities offer a compelling entry point. On-
 going tightness in cocoa and coffee, and emerging
Industrial metals weather-related risks in grains could drive higher
 prices over the year ahead. Investors should consider
Industrial metals performed well in 2025, especially agriculture for its improving fundamentals and low
copper, which benefited from supply disruptions correlation to economic cycles. For livestock, record-
linked to operational, geopolitical, and environmental low female cattle numbers and shrinking hog mar-
issues. Looking ahead to 2026, both copper and alu- gins in the US are supportive for prices.

Building commodities into a portfolio

Commodities can play a valuable role in portfo- Investors can access commodities through diver-
lios, but they can face periodic volatility. Returns sified indices, ETFs, or structured investments,
are strongest when supply-demand imbalances but should be aware of unique risks such as
or macro risks—like inflation or geopolitical price swings and costs associated with futures
events—are elevated. In such periods, broad or physical holdings. Commodities have also ex-
commodity exposure can help diversify portfo- perienced long periods of strong out- and un-
lios and protect against shocks. When the out- derperformance versus equities. Hence, we gen-
look is favorable, we typically suggest an up to erally see them as a tactical, not permanent,
5% allocation to a diversified commodity index. component of a long-term portfolio.

34

## Page 35

Income

 35

## Page 36

How will gover nments
manage rising debt?

In some countries, current policies mean government spending is at
“escape velocity” and will continue rising as a share of GDP unless deci-
sive action is taken. We believe “financial repression”—a regime that
channels savings and central bank funds into government bonds, sup-
pressing yields—is likely to become more common in coming years.

Rising government debt is one of the defining macro- cial crisis and COVID­19 pandemic, but we see the
economic challenges of the decade. The International upward trend continuing. The IMF estimates debt lev-
Monetary Fund (IMF) estimates G7’s gross govern- els could climb to 137% of GDP by 2030, driven by
ment debt to reach around 126% of GDP this year, aging populations (which trigger higher spending and
up from 85% two decades ago. This surge largely re- a smaller tax base) and increased defense spending.
flects extraordinary shocks, including the 2008 finan-

Figure 18
Government debt is projected to keep rising

G7 economies‘ gross government debt, % of GDP, including IMF projections

150
 IMF projections

130

110

 90

 70
 2001 2009 2017 2025E

Sources: IMF, Bloomberg, UBS, as of 12 November 2025

36

## Page 37

A risk is that debt could reach its own “escape veloc- Financial repression
ity,” where persistent deficits and higher interest Rather than relying solely on politically difficult spend-
costs make it hard to bring debt levels back to earth. ing cuts or tax hikes, we believe a more subtle, likely
 pervasive approach is “financial repression,” which
In this environment, the question is not whether gov- refers to policies that keep interest rates artificially
ernments will act, but how—and what those choices low, making borrowing costs more manageable.
mean for investors.
 Financial repression is about managing demand for
 government debt through mechanisms like bank,
Potential polic y responses pension, and insurance rules, as well as central bank
 purchases. By doing so, governments indirectly “tax”
Fiscal consolidation cash savers by reducing real returns. As a result of
The textbook solution is fiscal consolidation—raising such policies, central bank balance sheets have al-
taxes or cutting spending to reduce deficits. Partisan ready grown substantially in the past 20 years, and
divides make consensus difficult. France’s attempts at we expect them to remain high (see Fig. 19).
modest deficit reduction in 2025 were blocked by a
polarized parliament. In the US, deficit reduction has
not been a priority for either major party, and Japan’s Market implications
ruling LDP has chosen further fiscal stimulus instead
of austerity. Meaningful fiscal consolidation is likely For investors, an immediate risk is that concerns over
to remain the exception. debt sustainability and credit rating cuts could trigger
 periodic volatility in bond yields. However, we believe
Skewing the maturity profile that interventions will become more frequent to help
Another tactic is to shift government borrowing to- stabilize or lower yields.
ward shorter maturities. By issuing more short-term
debt, governments avoid locking in high borrowing Over the medium term, more frequent interventions
costs for decades, hoping that rates will fall or fiscal are likely to anchor interest rates and bond yields at
conditions will improve. While this can buy time, it lower levels than debt fundamentals might suggest.
also increases rollover risk and leaves governments Aggressive yield suppression may increase FX volatil-
more exposed to future inflation and yield spikes. Ul- ity, as currencies absorb more of the adjustment. His-
timately, this postpones rather than solves the under- torically, exchange rates were fixed and bond yields
lying problem. floated. Today, both are market­determined, but we

 37

## Page 38

may be moving toward a regime of more fixed bor- * Diversify income and return sources: With public
rowing costs, with currencies absorbing more of the debt potentially facing periods of volatility a diver-
adjustment. sified approach to income generation is essential.
 Greater central bank intervention could also in-
 crease equity-bond correlations, increasing the im-
What does it mean for investors? portance of alternatives in a portfolio.

* Asset prices could rise initially: If governments and * Consider currency risk: If yields are increasingly
 central banks increasingly intervene to manage fixed, currency markets may become the primary
 yields, equities, government bonds, and commodi- shock absorbers for rising debt. For investors, a
 ties could perform strongly (in local currency terms) strategic approach to currency exposure will be key
 in the immediate aftermath, as real yields fall. to avoiding asset-liability mismatches.

Figure 19
Central bank balance sheets have grown substantially over the past two decades

Fed, ECB, and Bank of Japan balance sheets, total assets in USD bn

10,000

 8,000
 ECB
 6,000 Fed

 4,000 BoJ

 2,000

 0
 2000 2005 2010 2015 2020 2025

Sources: Bloomberg, UBS, as of 12 November 2025

38

## Page 39

Seek diversified
 income

The mix of tight credit spreads, uncertainties about government debt, and emergent stresses in credit markets
suggest investors need to take a nuanced and diversified approach to yield generation. We believe this should
include a mix of high grade and investment grade bonds, equity income strategies, and yield generating struc-
tured investments, as well as select exposure to private credit.

Qualit y bonds

We believe quality bonds—specifically high grade Figure 20
government and investment grade corporate Quality bonds should deliver attractive
bonds—have an important role as a source of yield returns in adverse scenarios
and diversification in 2026. We expect medium­dura-
tion quality bonds (four to seven years) to deliver CIO December 2026 forecasts for returns on 10­year US investment
 grade by scenario
mid-single-digit returns, from a mix of yield and capi-
tal appreciation as the Fed cuts rates. We expect
quality bond returns to exceed cash rates, especially
in adverse scenarios where bond prices rise as rate
expectations fall. Investors in economies with low or Tech boom Solid growth Disruption
zero interest rates may not derive much income from
quality bonds, but should remember their portfolio 3% 7%6%
diversification benefits as a reason to hold them.

 Source: UBS, as of 12 November 2025

 39

## Page 40

Diversified fixed income strategies Selec t direc t lending

We are more cautious on riskier parts of fixed income Private credit has attracted significant inflows in re-
like high yield given very tight spreads. Nonetheless, cent years as investors seek higher returns. We be-
we see merit in diversified fixed income strategies for lieve the asset class offers strong long­term income
investors looking to earn higher returns from fixed in- potential. However, tight spreads—where lenders
come. By combining investment grade bonds and se- earn only modest compensation for the risks borne—
lect high yield and emerging market debt in a risk- as well as pockets of financial stress necessitate care-
controlled way, investors can enhance yield while ful selection. We recommend limiting excessive expo-
managing credit and duration risks. sure in the lower middle-market segment (smaller
 companies), where risks are rising. We like sponsor-
 backed loans (to private equity­owned firms) and se-
 nior loans (with repayment priority), and believe in-
 vestors should focus on larger companies and sectors
 that are less sensitive to economic swings and carry
 less debt.

Figure 21
High yield bond spreads remain at historically tight levels

ICE BofA US high yield bond index, spreads in bps

 1,200

 1,000

 800

 600

 400

 200
 2010 2015 2020 2025

Source: ICE BofA, UBS, as of 12 November 2025

40

## Page 41

Equit y income Yield­generating struc tured
 inves tment s
Income-seeking investors in markets where bond
yields are low or credit spreads are tight may find bet- We believe investors should also consider yield-gen-
ter income generation opportunities in equity strate- erating structured investments, especially as interest
gies, including both dividends and options strategies. rates drop. These structures—such as equity-linked
Our preferred markets for dividend strategies are notes—offer a yield in exchange for the obligation to
Switzerland, where high-quality dividend stocks yield buy an instrument at a predefined lower price. Lower
about 4%, well above local bonds; and Southeast rates make these structures relatively more attractive,
Asia, where average dividend yields also stand north although low volatility can mean option premiums
of 4%. Equity income strategies that combine divi- and yields are reduced. We recommend careful atten-
dend strategies with systematic option-selling could tion to liquidity, issuer, and market risks within a di-
generate even higher yields, enhance diversification of versified portfolio.
returns, and offer a more resilient income stream
across cycles.

Building a fixed income portfolio

A robust fixed income allocation provides stabil- Duration measures how sensitive bond prices
ity and income while managing risk. Allocating are to interest rate changes. We believe an aver-
between 15% and 50% of total assets to fixed age duration of five to seven years balances risk
income is a typical benchmark, tailored to risk and return for long-term investors, especially
tolerance, income needs, and investment hori- when rates are expected to change gradually.
zon. Higher allocations suit those prioritizing
stability; lower allocations fit growth­oriented We recommend diversifying across developed
investors. Regular rebalancing is needed to keep market government bonds (for stability), corpo-
allocations on target as markets, maturities, and rate and emerging market bonds (for higher in-
coupon payments can shift portfolio weights. come), and, in low-yield environments, supple-
 menting with equity income and yield-generating
Currency risk can be a bigger contributor to re-structured investments—such as equity-linked
turns in fixed income than in other asset classes.notes—to support portfolio income.
We therefore recommend aligning holdings with
an overall currency strategy, using a mix of cur-
rency-hedged funds, local bonds, and interna-
tional bonds to manage this risk.

 41

## Page 42

Our currency views for 2026

Entering 2026, we see persistent US twin deficits and declining interest rates continuing to
weigh on the dollar, especially as rates elsewhere remain stable. Against this backdrop, we
favor long positions in the euro, Australian dollar, and Norwegian krone versus the USD. Our
preference is for high­yielding currencies, which should benefit as risk appetite broadens in FX
markets over the next year.

USD EUR
We expect US dollar weakness to persist into the first With the European Central Bank likely at its terminal
half of 2026. As the Federal Reserve’s rate cuts pause rate, we expect policy to remain on hold for the com-
and policy rates inch lower toward 3%, downward ing quarters. As France’s political uncertainty fades,
pressure on the dollar should ease somewhat. How- the euro should regain ground against the dollar,
ever, a strong USD recovery remains unlikely: The cur- with Germany’s fiscal stimulus and potential for pri-
rency’s elevated valuation, persistent fiscal and cur- vate sector re-leveraging also providing support. That
rent account deficits, and ongoing efforts by global said, EUR upside may be capped if Asian currencies
institutions and private investors to diversify away remain closely tied to the USD, as a stronger euro
from the dollar all present structural headwinds. could limit Europe’s competitiveness globally.

 CHF
 The Swiss National Bank has reaffirmed its stance on
Figure 22 negative rates, and market expectations now align
Institutions are reducing dollar exposure with our view of no further cuts. The SNB’s tone will
Bloomberg Intelligence USD share of global foreign currency reser- likely be shaped more by global developments than
ves, in % domestic factors. We expect EURCHF to remain sta-
 ble or edge higher, suggesting the Swiss franc should
65 underperform the euro and other higher-yielding cur-
 rencies on a total return basis, given its strong yield
60 disadvantage.

55
 GBP
50 The pound remains sensitive to fiscal uncertainty but
 offers attractive carry, in our view. We anticipate only
45 two Bank of England rate cuts in 2026, meaning that

40 UK yields are likely to stay above US and Eurozone
 2000 2005 2010 2015 2020 2025yields in the coming months. Accordingly, we expect
 the GBP to deliver positive returns against the USD
 and the UK’s fiscal challenges to keep the GBP steady
Sources: Bloomberg, UBS, as of 12 November 2025 against the euro, which we believe will rise on fiscal
 spending.

42

## Page 43

JPY Figure 23
Prime Minister Sanae Takaichi’s late-2025 election led USD is expected to underperform all G10
to pressure on the yen due to expectations of loose currencies on a spot basis
fiscal and monetary policies. With these expectations CIO estimates for spot appreciation of major currencies against the
now largely priced in, we expect a gradual yen recov- USD by end-2026, %
ery versus the USD in 2026 amid further narrowing in
US­Japan yield differentials. 9

 8
CNY 7
The yuan strengthened against the dollar in 2025.
We expect this to continue into 2026, supported by 6
progress in US-China trade talks, the central bank 5
guiding CNY fixings stronger, the ongoing conversion 4
of elevated onshore FX deposits into local currencies, 3
and a resilient current account. 2

 1
AUD 0
We believe the Australian dollar offers attractive carry NOK SEK AUD JPY NZD CAD EUR CNY GBP CHF
and solid fundamentals in 2026. Resilient commodity
exports and a neutral stance from the central bank Source: UBS, as of 12 November 2025
should be supportive for the currency. Moreover, with
Australia’s sound fiscal position and the cash rate
now on hold, yield differentials should become more
favorable, while we also see greater stability in Chi-
nese growth. We rate the AUD as Attractive and ex-
pect positive returns for the AUDUSD pair.

Building the right currency exposure

Currency markets have been volatile in 2025, ommend diversifying across major currencies to
and with governments and central banks likely preserve long-term global purchasing power.
to intervene more to manage yields and debt in This means not relying on a single reference
the future, volatility may remain high. Aligning currency, but spreading exposure across curren-
a portfolio’s currency mix with expected future cies with strong fundamentals. We suggest con-
spending reduces the risk that currency swings sidering metrics such as long-term valuation
will undermine financial goals. trends, safe-haven status, the issuing country’s
 current account balance, the currency’s share of
For globally oriented investors, or those with as- global trading, and reserve currency status.
sets far exceeding future consumption, we rec-

 43

## Page 44

What about crypto?

Crypto like Bitcoin has become more accessible, regu- tional investor adoption. For now, for those who be-
latory recognition is rising, and the assets are viewed lieve in the long-term potential of crypto, a small,
by some investors as long-term “buy-and-hold” op- buy-and-hold allocation may be appropriate, but it
portunities, similar to gold or equities. While adding should only represent a modest portion of a portfo-
crypto to a traditional portfolio has sometimes im- lio. With risks still significant, any crypto position
proved returns in recent years, this comes with impor- should be sized so that even a total loss would not
tant caveats. Crypto remains highly volatile, and a materially affect an investor’s overall investment plan
short history makes extrapolation challenging. or risk profile.

There is a path by which crypto could become a more
established part of investor portfolios, including by
becoming less volatile, with more stable correlations
to other assets, and with more widespread institu-

This report is for educational purposes only, as UBS does not provide any investment recommendations on digital assets. Digital
assets can exhibit significant price volatility, face liquidity challenges, encounter uncertain regulations, and may be susceptible to
bugs and fraud. Investors therefore face the risk of a significant or total loss of capital. Risk tolerance is therefore an important con-
sideration for such assets.

44

## Page 45

Diversification

 45

## Page 46

How will politics shape
markets in 2026?

Political headlines will remain front and center in 2026, but history sug-
gests their impact on financial markets is often short­lived. While trade
policy, domestic politics, and geopolitics contributed to volatility in 2025,
investors have since refocused on solid economic fundamentals, falling
interest rates, and structural growth trends like AI.

Trade polic y will stay in the spotlight Senate seats up for grabs. While political rhetoric may
 intensify, history suggests markets typically look past
The US Supreme Court is set to rule on the adminis- election cycles. Current odds suggest a divided Con-
tration’s use of IEEPA for tariffs, potentially affecting gress, which would likely result in legislative gridlock
around 70% of tariff revenue. If current tariffs are and limit the scope for major policy changes on trade,
overturned, new, more targeted tariffs are likely, in- fiscal stimulus, or financial regulation.
creasing policy uncertainty and volatility, especially if
trading partners retaliate. However, a divided US
Congress—probable after the midterms—could limit Globally, political risks persist
major shifts in trade policy.
 In Europe, attention will center on political stability in
 France and the UK, while the Russia-Ukraine war and
Leadership changes are also in focus tensions in the Middle East are likely to persist. In
 Latin America, elections in Chile, Colombia, Peru,
The Fed will get a new chair in 2026, with challenges and Brazil could reinforce the region’s shift toward
ahead given high inflation and debt, but we expect right-leaning governments. Asia’s political calendar is
monetary policy to remain broadly supportive for mar- quieter, but Japan’s fiscal policy decisions and China’s
kets. The US midterm elections in November will add new Five Year Plan—emphasizing growth, security,
to headline risk, with all House seats and one-third of and technology—will be closely watched.

46

## Page 47

Key risks

What risks could bring markets back to earth in the year ahead? The most prominent in our
view are: 1) a potential disappointment in AI progress or adoption, 2) a resurgence or persis-
tence of inflation, 3) a more entrenched phase of US­China strategic rivalry, and 4) the (re)
emergence of sovereign or private sector debt concerns.

An AI disappointment US-China conflict
We believe current investor enthusiasm for AI is justi- The US­China rivalry intensified in 2025. Ongoing
fied by strong capital spending, innovation, and competition suggests further brinkmanship will re-
adoption. But valuations are high, markets have ral- main a risk through 2026, especially around tariffs,
lied strongly, and no investment boom has ever seen rare earth exports, and AI chip sales. So far, escala-
capital spending perfectly match future demand. The tions have ended in negotiated agreements, reflect-
AI rally may face periods in 2026 when investors fear ing incentives to avoid prolonged disruption.
excess investment, bottlenecks, or obsolescence.
Broader risks could emerge if refinancing dries up, Debt concerns
triggering defaults or threatening financial stability. In 2025, global bond investors repeatedly flagged ris-
 ing government debt, with episodes of higher yields
A return of inflation in the US, France, Japan, and the UK. If governments
The inflation impact of US tariffs has matched expec- fail to reassure markets on borrowing and inflation
tations, though tariff evasion may be higher than an- risks, or pressure central banks to cut rates, yields or
ticipated. A risk for 2026 is that second-round ef- currency volatility could rise. Rapid yield increases
fects—US companies raising prices or profit­driven would pose risks to equity markets. Investors should
inflation—could make inflation more persistent and also monitor both public and private credit markets,
harder for the Fed to ignore, limiting its ability to re- where tight spreads and looser lending standards
spond to risks and potentially keeping long-term may have created vulnerabilities.
yields elevated.

Figure 24
Several factors could lead to market weakness

Illustration of potential key market risks for 2026, with dotted lines depicting indirect influence

 Economic
 weakness Market weakness AI
 disappointment

 Debt US-China
 concerns conﬂict

 A return of
 inﬂation

Source: UBS, as of 12 November 2025

 47

## Page 48

Scenarios

 Bull scenario (Tech boom) Base case (Solid growth) Bear scenario (Disruption)

 AI Robust, broad-based AI spend- Solid AI investment continues, AI investment stalls or contracts
 ing and rapid adoption. Moneti- with steady adoption and grad- due to disappointing monetiza-
 zation exceeds expectations, ual monetization. Productivity tion, technical setbacks, or obso-
 driving productivity and corpo- gains are incremental, support- lescence. Corporate caution
 rate profits. “Agentic” and ing business sentiment but not leads to reduced capex and
 physical AI applications acceler- transforming macro growth. slower adoption.
 ate, fueling optimism and fur-
 ther investment.

 Economy US growth outpaces trend, led US grows at its 2% trend rate; US growth slows sharply—be -
 by strong consumption and labor market softens but unem- low trend or even flat—due to
 business investment. Unemploy- ployment stays below 5%. Con- lagged tariff impacts, weaker
 ment remains low, wage growth sumption is resilient. Growth in consumption, and spillover ef-
 is healthy. Other major econo- Europe and China is supported fects. Other major economies
 mies benefit from global tech by targeted fiscal stimulus. also weaken; risk of recession
 spillovers and easing trade ten- rises.
 sions.

 Policy US tariffs fall below 10%, reduc- Fed cuts rates toward 3-3.5% as Central banks respond aggres-
 ing trade friction. Possible Rus- inflation stabilizes near targets. sively: Fed cuts 200–300bps.
 sia­Ukraine ceasefire boosts US tariffs remain in the high Policy focus shifts to crisis man-
 global sentiment. Central banks teens, but retaliation is limited. agement. Credit spreads widen.
 maintain or tighten policy only Fiscal stimulus in Europe and Trade tensions and inflation risks
 modestly; credit spreads tighten. China supports growth. persist.

 Targets (December 2026)

 MSCI AC World 1,450 1,350 830
 S&P 500 8,400 7,700 4,500

 EuroStoxx 50 6,800 6,200 4,400

 SMI 14,600 13,600 10,500
 MSCI EM 1,640 1,560 1,070

 Fed funds rate (upper bound) 4.00 3.50 1.50
 US 10y Treasury yield (%) 4.75 3.75 2.50

 EURUSD 1.14 1.20 1.26

 EURCHF 0.98 0.95 0.90
 Gold* USD 3,700/oz USD 4,300/oz USD 4,900/oz

* Gold is a safe-haven asset whose price tends to rise when risk assets, such as equities, fall, and vice versa.
Note: asset class targets above refer to the respective macro scenarios. Individual asset prices can be influenced by factors not reflected in the macro scenarios.
Source: UBS, as of 12 November 2025

48

## Page 49

Hedge
 market risks

Investors should consider a diversified approach to hedging market risks. Holding sufficient liquidity can help
investors avoid forced selling. Quality bonds offer attractive yields and can buffer portfolios. Gold’s diversifica-
tion benefits remain important. Periods of low volatility can also provide an opportunity to lock in gains while
maintaining upside potential through structured investments.

Build a liquidit y strategy

Holding cash or safe short-term instruments allows to seize opportunities and the confidence to invest
investors to meet obligations without selling assets at for growth. We recommend holding enough liquidity
depressed prices—critical if markets tilt toward our to cover up to five years’ expected withdrawals, given
downside scenarios. Liquidity also provides flexibility that bear market recoveries can take time. Alterna-

Figure 25
Markets have historically tended to recover from bear markets within five years

Number of years for recovery from bear market, illustrated on the S&P 500 index since May 1946, in log scale

 6.2

 4.4
 3.4 3.5
 2.3 2.0
 1.3 1.8
 0.6

 1946 1961 1968 1972 1987 2000 202020072022

Sources: Bloomberg, UBS, as of 12 November 2025

 49

## Page 50

tively, investors may consider establishing a lending Substitute direct equity exposure for
facility, which can provide access to funds without capital preser vation strategies
the need to liquidate investments during periods of
market stress. Capital preservation strategies can limit downside risk
 while allowing some participation in upside. While
 returns may be capped in strong markets, such strat-
Get your asset allocation right, egies reduce drawdowns and support long-term
including qualit y bonds and wealth preservation. Replacing some direct equity po-
 sitions with these strategies can make portfolios
alternatives more resilient to volatility and shocks.

Strategic asset allocation is the most effective long­
term hedge against market risk. Diversifying across Include an allocation to gold
equities, fixed income, and alternatives can help re-
duce portfolio volatility and limit the impact of Gold has historically been an effective portfolio hedge
shocks—whether from AI disappointment, inflation, during market stress, inflation fears, or geopolitical
or debt-driven yield spikes. We recommend adequate uncertainty. Its low correlation with equities and
allocations to government bonds, which tend to rally bonds means it can appreciate when risk assets de-
during periods of lower growth, and alternatives with cline, offsetting losses elsewhere. While gold does
low correlation to equities for added stability. not generate income and its protective behavior is not
 guaranteed in every downturn, we believe a modest
 allocation—of up to 5% of total assets—can enhance
 diversification and buffer against systemic risks.

Figure 26
Diversified portfolios can limit drawdowns

Drawdown analysis for equities (MSCI ACWI), bonds (Bloomberg Global Aggregate IG index), and a 60/40 portfolio

 0

 –20

 –40

 –60

 1990 2005 20101995 2000 2015 2020 2025

 Stocks Bonds 60/40

Sources: Bloomberg, UBS as of 12 November 2025

50

## Page 51

Diversify with
 alter natives

Including alternatives can enhance diversification, provided investors understand their liquidity needs and the
features of the asset class. We recommend a 20-40% allocation in endowment-style portfolios. For 2026, we see
hedge funds benefiting from low stock correlation, high return dispersion, and increased M&A activity; in private
equity, our focus is on middle-market buyouts, carveouts, and secondaries, while select direct lending and private
real estate and infrastructure offer attractive income, diversification, and exposure to structural trends.

Hedge funds Private equit y

The environment of low stock correlation and high With central banks easing and fiscal policy remaining
return dispersion—key drivers of hedge fund alpha— pro-growth, we expect increased distributions and
remains in place and should support performance in exits, supporting private equity returns. In a world of
2026. We believe that equity market neutral strate- lower rates and high public market valuations, we fo-
gies can enhance portfolios due to their ability to cus on middle-market, value-based buyouts, complex
generate returns in both rising and falling markets, carveouts, and secondary funds, with a preference
while limiting directional exposure. We also see ap- for regional diversification in Europe and Asia to miti-
peal in global macro and multi-strategy funds, given gate local risks. The supportive macro backdrop and
their flexibility to benefit from economic trends and favorable liquidity conditions should help private eq-
risks like persistent inflation, trade tensions, or debt uity managers navigate elevated valuations and con-
sustainability concerns. Meanwhile, the resurgence in centrated market leadership.
M&A activity is creating fresh opportunities for
merger arbitrage strategies.

 51

## Page 52

Selec t direc t lending Private real estate and infrastruc ture

Private credit headlines highlight the need for quality Reliable, inflation­linked cash flows and exposure to
and selectivity. While tighter spreads and Fed rate structural trends make these appealing portfolio as-
cuts have moderated returns, we believe direct lend- sets in our view. We favor digital infrastructure, re-
ing still offers attractive income and diversification for newables, logistics, living sectors, and data centers,
under-allocated investors. Risks are mainly contained with a preference for core and core-plus assets that
to lower-middle-market borrowers; senior, sponsor- derive a greater share of returns from income rather
backed loans to larger, less cyclical companies remain than capital appreciation.
resilient, in our view. Careful sizing and manager se-
lection are essential, and those with outsized alloca-
tions should consider diversifying into other alterna-
tive investments.

Building an effective alter natives allocation

Investors with a long-term horizon and an “en- investors can access varied sources of return
dowment” investment style may benefit from and reduce potential downside risk. A balanced
allocating up to 20-40% of their portfolios to approach ensures the portfolio remains resilient
alternatives such as hedge funds, private mar- and adaptable to changing market conditions.
kets, and infrastructure. The optimal allocation
depends on individual risk tolerance, liquidity Manager selection is especially important in al-
needs, and long-term objectives, but a well- ternatives. Investors should therefore prioritize
structured alternatives allocation can enhance high-quality hedge funds with strong track re-
diversification and improve risk­adjusted re- cords, private market funds with robust gover-
turns. nance and expertise, and infrastructure assets
 offering stable cash flows. Those making
Effective diversification across alternative strate- smaller allocations may benefit from fund­of­
gies is essential to maximize their benefits, in funds or evergreen solutions, while larger inves-
our view. By investing in a mix of hedge funds, tors may prefer a diversified selection of single
private equity, private credit, and infrastructure, managers.

52

## Page 53

Building a
robust portfolio

 53

## Page 54

Building a robust
portfolio

By building a clear plan, putting cash to work, building a strong portfolio
core across equities, fixed income, and alternatives, and selectively hedg-
ing against risks and seizing market opportunities, we believe investors
can position themselves to thrive in 2026 and beyond.

√ Get your plan right

Having a clear plan, which aligns financial goals and * A Longevity strategy to deliver the required growth
needs with portfolios, can help investors navigate and income to meet financial goals throughout an
risks and capture opportunities with confidence. We investor’s lifetime.
believe investors should segment portfolios into Li-
quidity. Longevity. Legacy strategies. * A Legacy strategy to maximize wealth for future
 generations, supporting philanthropic and family
* A Liquidity strategy to ensure cash is available to goals.
 meet short­term expenses and buffers against mar-
 ket volatility. Annual portfolio reviews as part of a plan help ensure
 investment strategies remain aligned with evolving

Figure 27
Building a plan can help navigate markets

The Liquidity. Longevity. Legacy. framework

 The next 5 years - Beyond your
 3-5 years lifetime lifetime

 Liquidity Longevity Legacy

 Cash ﬂow for For longer-term For needs that go
 short-term expenses needs beyond your own

* Time frames may vary. Strategies are subject to individual client goals, objectives and suitability. This approach is not a promise or guarantee that wealth,
or any financial results, can or will be achieved.
Source: UBS, as of 12 November 2025

54

## Page 55

goals and risk profiles. Specialist engagement— Once investors have enough set aside in a Liquidity
across investment advice, wealth planning, and leg- strategy, they can invest surplus funds for long-term
acy strategies—can uncover new opportunities and growth. Holding too much cash can slow portfolio
address complex needs. growth—historically, portfolios with 25% in cash
 have lagged those with just 5% in cash by over 25
 per centage points in the past 15 years.
√ Put cash to work
 Opening and/or utilizing borrowing capacity, may
To get the most from one’s Liquidity strategy, inves- also help investors limit cash drag and/or avoid selling
tors can divide it into three parts: everyday cash (for long-term assets.
daily spending), core liquidity (for upcoming ex-
penses), and investment cash (for longer-term needs).
This can help investors retain flexibility while also √ Strengthen your core
seeking higher returns in longer-term parts of the
strategy. As investors deploy cash, we believe they should first
 focus on building a core portfolio that delivers
 growth, income, and diversification.
Figure 28
Excess cash exposure can diminish portfolio * Equities. We think investors should add to equities
returns in 2026. A strategic equity portfolio typically allo-

Relative underperformance of portfolio with 25% vs. 5% cash, remaining al- cates 30­70% of total assets, diversifies regionally
location split 60/40 across global equity and bonds, % (at least half in US equities, at least 20% global),

 5 and is regularly rebalanced. Allocating up to 30%
 to a diversified mix of structural growth strategies
 0 such as AI and power and resources could enhance

 –5 return potential.

–10
 * Fixed income. Investors can complement their
–15 equity allocation with a robust fixed income alloca-

–20 tion by setting the right level (typically 15-50%),
–25 aligning with one’s currency plan, and targeting a
–30 five­ to seven­year duration. To diversify income
 2010 2015 2020 2025sources, investors should balance across govern-
 ment bonds, credit, and private credit, and con-
 sider alternative income strategies (including in
Sources: Bloomberg, UBS, as of 12 November 2025 equities for investors in low yield regions).

 55

## Page 56

* Alternatives. We believe allocating to alternatives— √ Seek tactical opportunities
 hedge funds, private markets, and infrastructure—
 can enhance diversification and risk­adjusted With a strong core portfolio sufficient to meet life-
 returns. style needs and effective hedging measures in place,
 investors who wish to pursue additional growth can
 confidently seek opportunities, in a risk­controlled
√ Hedge market risks way.

If desired, investors can further “protect their core” For 2026, we see attractive prospects for equity mar-
by implementing individual hedging strategies. This kets; particularly in technology, banking, health care,
could include substituting some of the direct equity and utilities sectors, as well as broad commodity indi-
exposure with capital preservation strategies. ces and select currencies, including the Australian
 dollar and euro.
Additionally, a modest allocation to gold (for exam-
ple, up to 5%) can help provide an additional hedge
against market stress and systemic risks.

Figure 29
Strengthen your core
Illustration of what to consider in a “core” investment approach

Duration management Regular rebalancing

 Align with currency plan Regional diversiﬁcation
 Fixed income Equities

 Credit diversiﬁcation Core Exposure to structural growth

 Alternatives

 Build an appropriate allocation Diversiﬁcation across strategies

 Manager selection

Source: UBS, as of 12 November 2025

56

## Page 57

Looking back and
looking ahead

 57

## Page 58

2025 in review

 Economy Equities

In our Year Ahead 2025 publication, we anticipated a We had forecast the S&P 500 would rise from 5,917
moderate slowdown in economic growth for 2025. at the time of last year’s Year Ahead publication to
Developed economies broadly have met our forecasts 6,600 by end-2025. Its gains have broadly met our
(we now expect 1.6% growth for 2025), while expectations. European, emerging, and Asian mar-
emerging and developing economies have modestly kets have outperformed the US, exceeding our pro-
outperformed, on course to deliver 4.4% growth for jections, with MSCI Europe, China, and EM indices
2025 versus our initial 4.0% expectation. Inflation posting year-to-date returns of 15%, 36%, and
has also trended lower across regions, in line with 31%, respectively.
our initial projections.

 Rates US dollar

We said rates would come down in 2025, and they We recommended selling further US dollar strength.
have—albeit somewhat more gradually than ex- The dollar initially strengthened into late December
pected. The Fed has delivered 50bps of cuts so far 2024 and January 2025, with EURUSD reaching a
this year (versus our initial expectation of 100bps), low of 1.02, and the dollar subsequently saw its
with scope for a further 50bps by end of the first weakest first half since 1973, depreciating even fur-
quarter of 2026. US 10-year Treasury yields have ther than our expectations. At the time of writing,
fallen from 4.6% (end 2024) to 4.1%, in line with EURUSD stands at 1.16 versus our initial end-2025
our forecast (4.0%), although European yields have forecast of 1.12.
risen amid fiscal and political uncertainty.

 AI Gold

We identified AI as the decade’s defining investment Gold traded at USD 2,675/oz at the time of our Year
idea, recommending exposure to listed megacaps. Ahead publication last year. We expected gold to
The US IT sector has since risen by 27% year-to-date, build on its gains, forecasting USD 2,900/oz by end-
with capital expenditure forecasts exceeded by a fac- 2025. The metal has performed even more strongly
tor of three over two years. We now expect global AI than projections, reaching an all-time high of
capex to rise 88% year over year to USD 423bn in USD 4,336/oz.
2025.

58

## Page 59

Forecasts

Economy

GDP (%)
n.a. 2025E 2026E 2027E 2028E
US 1.9 1.7 1.9 2.4
Canada 1.5 1.8 1.8 1.2
Japan 0.8 0.7 1.0 0.8
Eurozone 1.4 1.1 1.4 1.0
UK 1.4 1.1 1.4 1.3
Switzerland 1.3 1.3 1.3 1.9
Australia 1.9 2.2 2.1 2.1
China 4.9 4.5 4.6 4.2
India 6.8 6.4 6.5 6.5
EM 4.4 4.2 4.4 4.2
World 3.2 3.1 3.3 3.2

Inflation (%)
n.a. 2025E 2026E 2027E 2028E
US 2.8 3.0 2.4 2.2
Canada 2.0 2.1 2.0 2.0
Japan 3.1 1.6 2.2 2.1
Eurozone 2.1 1.8 2.0 2.0
UK 3.4 2.2 2.0 2.0
Switzerland 0.2 0.6 0.9 0.9
Australia 2.8 3.1 2.7 2.6
China 0.0 0.4 0.8 1.0
India 2.4 4.3 4.0 4.0
EM 3.9 3.5 3.1 3.0
World 3.3 3.0 2.7 2.6

Source: Haver, CEIC, National Statistic, Bloomberg, UBS, as of 12 November 2025

 59

## Page 60

Asset classes

 Spot June-26 Dec-26
Equities
 S&P 500 6,851 7,300 7,700
 Eurostoxx 50 5,787 6,000 6,200
 FTSE 100 9,911 9,800 10,000
 SMI 12,794 13,200 13,600
 MSCI Asia ex-Japan 921 985 1,021
 MSCI China 88 100 102
 Topix 3,359 3,500 3,600
 MSCI EM 1,408 1,510 1,560
 MSCI AC World 1,213 1,280 1,350

Currencies
 EURUSD 1.16 1.20 1.20
 GBPUSD 1.31 1.36 1.35
 USDCHF 0.80 0.79 0.79
 USDCAD 1.40 1.36 1.35
 AUDUSD 0.65 0.70 0.70
 EURCHF 0.92 0.95 0.95
 USDJPY 155 150 146
 USDCNY 7.11 7.00 6.90

Interest rates, in %
 Fed 3.87 3.33 3.33
 ECB 2.00 2.00 2.00
 BoE 4.00 3.25 3.25
 SNB 0.00 0.00 0.00
 BoJ 0.50 0.75 1.00

10-year benchmark yields, in %
 USD 4.07 3.75 3.75
 EUR (Germany) 2.64 2.25 2.25
 GBP 4.40 4.25 4.25
 CHF 0.14 0.50 0.50
 JPY 1.68 1.70 1.80

Commodities
 Brent crude, USD/bbl 63 65 67
 WTI crude, USD/bbl 58 62 64
 Gold, USD/oz 4,214 4,500 4,300
 Silver, USD/oz 53 60 57
 Copper, USD/mt 10,944 12,000 13,000

Source: SIX Financial Information, Bloomberg, UBS, as of 12 November 2025

60

## Page 61

Impressum

Year Ahead 2026 – UBS House View
This report has been prepared by UBS AG, UBS AG London Branch,
UBS Switzerland AG, UBS Financial Services Inc. (UBS FS),
UBS AG Singapore Branch, UBS AG Hong Kong Branch, and
UBS SuMi TRUST Wealth Management Co., Ltd.
Please see important disclaimers at the end of the document.

This report reflects the insights and perspective from the entire
CIO team across the globe and demonstrates the intellectual
leadership of UBS.

Global Chief Investment Officer Design
Mark Haefele CIO Content Design
 UBS Switzerland AG
Editor in Chief Cover image
Kiran Ganesh CIO Content Design

Project manager UBS Switzerland AG
Sagar Khandelwal
 Languages
Supervisory analysts English, German, French, Italian, Spanish,
Kat Van-Hoof Portuguese, Chinese (Simplified, Traditional),
Jess Hoeffner Japanese

Editorial deadline Contact
17 November 2025 ubs.com/cio

Publishing date
20 November 2025 SAP-Nr. 82251E-2501

This publication is printed on 100% recycled paper, certified by
the Forest Stewardship Council (FSC).

 61

## Page 62

Global asset class preferences definitions
The asset class preferences provide high­level guidance to make investment decisions. The preferences reflect
the collective judgement of the members of the House View meeting, primarily based on assessments of ex-
pected total returns on liquid, commonly known indexes, House View scenarios, and analyst convictions over
the next 12 months. Note that the tactical asset allocation (TAA) positioning of our different investment strate-
gies may differ from these views due to factors including portfolio construction, concentration, and borrowing
constraints.

Attractive: We consider this asset class to be attractive. Consider opportunities in this asset class.
Neutral: We do not expect outsized returns or losses. Hold longer-term exposure.
Unattractive: We consider this asset class to be unattractive. Consider alternative opportunities.

Note: For equities, we have collapsed “Most Attractive” with “Attractive” and “Least Attractive” with “Unat-
tractive” from the five­tier rating system that is found in the Equity Compass into 3 tiers.

Cautionary statement regarding forward-looking statements
This report contains statements that constitute “forward-looking statements,” including but not limited to
statements relating to the current and expected state of the securities market and capital market assumptions.
While these forward-looking statements represent our judgments and future expectations concerning the mat-
ters discussed in this document, a number of risks, uncertainties, changes in the market, and other important
factors could cause actual developments and results to differ materially from our expectations. These factors
include, but are not limited to (1) the extent and nature of future developments in the US market and in other
market segments; (2) other market and macroeconomic developments, including movements in local and in-
ternational securities markets, credit spreads, currency exchange rates and interest rates, whether or not aris-
ing directly or indirectly from the current market crisis; (3) the impact of these developments on other markets
and asset classes. UBS is not under any obligation to (and expressly disclaims any such obligation to) update or
alter its forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise.

Emerging Market Investments
Investors should be aware that Emerging Market assets are subject to, among others, potential risks linked to
currency volatility, abrupt changes in the cost of capital and the economic growth outlook, as well as regula-
tory and sociopolitical risk, interest rate risk and higher credit risk. Assets can sometimes be very illiquid and li-
quidity conditions can abruptly worsen. CIO GWM generally recommends only those securities it believes have
been registered under Federal US registration rules (Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) and in-
dividual State registration rules (commonly known as “Blue Sky” laws). Prospective investors should be aware
that to the extent permitted under US law, CIO GWM may from time to time recommend bonds that are not
registered under US or State securities laws. These bonds may be issued in jurisdictions where the level of re-
quired disclosures to be made by issuers is not as frequent or complete as that required by US laws.

Investors interested in holding bonds for a longer period are advised to select the bonds of those sovereigns
with the highest credit ratings (in the investment-grade band). Such an approach should decrease the risk that
an investor could end up holding bonds on which the sovereign has defaulted. Subinvestment-grade bonds are
recommended only for clients with a higher risk tolerance and who seek to hold higher-yielding bonds for
shorter periods only.

62

## Page 63

Nontraditional Assets
Non-traditional asset classes are alternative investments that include hedge funds, private equity,
private credit, real estate, and managed futures (collectively, alternative investments). Interests of al-
ternative investment funds are sold only to qualified investors, and only by means of offering documents that
include information about the risks, performance and expenses of alternative investment funds, and which cli-
ents are urged to read carefully before subscribing and retain. An investment in an alternative investment
fund is speculative and involves significant risks.

Specifically, these investments (1) are not mutual funds and are not subject to the same regulatory require-
ments as mutual funds; (2) may have performance that is volatile, and investors may lose all or a substantial
amount of their investment; (3) may engage in leverage and other speculative investment practices that may
increase the risk of investment loss; (4) are long-term, illiquid investments, there is generally no secondary mar-
ket for the interests of a fund, and none is expected to develop; (5) interests of alternative investment funds
typically will be illiquid and subject to restrictions on transfer; (6) may not be required to provide periodic pric-
ing or valuation information to investors; (7) generally involve complex tax strategies and there may be delays
in distributing tax information to investors; (8) are subject to high fees, including management fees and other
fees and expenses, all of which will reduce profits.

Interests in alternative investment funds are not deposits or obligations of, or guaranteed or endorsed by, any
bank or other insured depository institution, and are not federally insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance
Corporation, the Federal Reserve Board, or any other governmental agency. Prospective investors should un-
derstand these risks and have the financial ability and willingness to accept them for an extended period of
time before making an investment in an alternative investment fund

In addition to the risks that apply to alternative investments generally, the following are additional risks related
to an investment in these strategies:

• Hedge Fund Risk: There are risks specifically associated with investing in hedge funds, which may include
 risks associated with investing in short sales, options, small-cap stocks, “junk bonds,” derivatives, distressed
 securities, non-U.S. securities and illiquid investments.
• Managed Futures: There are risks specifically associated with investing in managed futures programs. For
 example, not all managers focus on all strategies at all times, and managed futures strategies may have
 material directional elements.
• Real Estate: There are risks specifically associated with investing in real estate products and real estate
 investment trusts. They involve risks associated with debt, adverse changes in general economic or local mar-
 ket conditions, changes in governmental, tax, real estate and zoning laws or regulations, risks associated
 with capital calls and, for some real estate products, the risks associated with the ability to qualify for favor-
 able treatment under the federal tax laws.
• Private Equity: There are risks specifically associated with investing in private equity. Capital calls can be
 made on short notice, and the failure to meet capital calls can result in significant adverse consequences
 including, but not limited to, a total loss of investment.
• Private Credit: There are risks specifically associated with investing in private credit. This could include
 losses stemming from defaults on loans, which in significant adverse circumstances could result in a substan-
 tial loss of investment.
• Foreign Exchange/Currency Risk: Investors in securities of issuers located outside of the United States
 should be aware that even for securities denominated in U.S. dollars, changes in the exchange rate between
 the US dollar and the issuer’s “home” currency can have unexpected effects on the market value and liquid-
 ity of those securities. Those securities may also be affected by other risks (such as political, economic or reg-
 ulatory changes) that may not be readily known to a US investor.

 63

## Page 64

UBS Chief Investment Office’s (“CIO”) investment views are prepared and published by the Global Wealth
Management business of UBS Switzerland AG (regulated by FINMA in Switzerland) or its affiliates (“UBS”), part
of UBS Group AG (“UBS Group”). UBS Group includes former Credit Suisse AG, its subsidiaries, branches and
affiliates. Additional disclaimer relevant to Credit Suisse Wealth Management follows at the end of this
section.
The investment views have been prepared in accordance with legal requirements designed to promote the inde-
pendence of investment research.

Generic investment research – Risk information:
This publication is for your information only and is not intended as an offer, or a solicitation of an offer, to
buy or sell any investment or other specific product. The analysis contained herein does not constitute a personal
recommendation or take into account the particular investment objectives, investment strategies, financial situ-
ation and needs of any specific recipient. It is based on numerous assumptions. Different assumptions could
result in materially different results. Certain services and products are subject to legal restrictions and cannot be
offered worldwide on an unrestricted basis and/or may not be eligible for sale to all investors. All information
and opinions expressed in this document were obtained from sources believed to be reliable and in good faith,
but no representation or warranty, express or implied, is made as to its accuracy or completeness (other than
disclosures relating to UBS). All information and opinions as well as any forecasts, estimates and market prices
indicated are current as of the date of this report, and are subject to change without notice. Opinions expressed
herein may differ or be contrary to those expressed by other business areas or divisions of UBS as a result of using
different assumptions and/or criteria. UBS may utilise artificial intelligence tools (“AI Tools”) in the preparation of
this document. Notwithstanding any such use of AI Tools, this document has undergone human review.

In no circumstances may this document or any of the information (including any forecast, value, index or other
calculated amount (“Values”)) be used for any of the following purposes (i) valuation or accounting purposes;
(ii) to determine the amounts due or payable, the price or the value of any financial instrument or financial con-
tract; or (iii) to measure the performance of any financial instrument including, without limitation, for the pur-
pose of tracking the return or performance of any Value or of defining the asset allocation of portfolio or of
computing performance fees. By receiving this document and the information you will be deemed to represent
and warrant to UBS that you will not use this document or otherwise rely on any of the information for any of
the above purposes. UBS and any of its directors or employees may be entitled at any time to hold long or short
positions in investment instruments referred to herein, carry out transactions involving relevant investment
instruments in the capacity of principal or agent, or provide any other services or have officers, who serve as
directors, either to/for the issuer, the investment instrument itself or to/for any company commercially or finan-
cially affiliated to such issuers. At any time, investment decisions (including whether to buy, sell or hold securities)
made by UBS and its employees may differ from or be contrary to the opinions expressed in UBS research publi-
cations. Some investments may not be readily realizable since the market in the securities is illiquid and therefore
valuing the investment and identifying the risk to which you are exposed may be difficult to quantify. UBS relies
on information barriers to control the flow of information contained in one or more areas within UBS, into other
areas, units, divisions or affiliates of UBS. Futures and options trading is not suitable for every investor as there is
a substantial risk of loss, and losses in excess of an initial investment may occur. Past performance of an invest-
ment is no guarantee for its future performance. Additional information will be made available upon request.
Some investments may be subject to sudden and large falls in value and on realization you may receive back less
than you invested or may be required to pay more. Changes in foreign exchange rates may have an adverse

64

## Page 65

effect on the price, value or income of an investment. The analyst(s) responsible for the preparation of this report
may interact with trading desk personnel, sales personnel and other constituencies for the purpose of gathering,
synthesizing and interpreting market information.

Different areas, groups, and personnel within UBS Group may produce and distribute separate research prod-
ucts independently of each other. For example, research publications from CIO are produced by UBS Global
Wealth Management. UBS Global Research is produced by UBS Investment Bank. Research methodologies
and rating systems of each separate research organization may differ, for example, in terms of invest -
ment recommendations, investment horizon, model assumptions, and valuation methods. As a consequence,
except for certain economic forecasts (for which UBS CIO and UBS Global Research may collaborate), investment
recommendations, ratings, price targets, and valuations provided by each of the separate research organizations
may be different, or inconsistent. You should refer to each relevant research product for the details as to their
methodologies and rating system. Not all clients may have access to all products from every organization. Each
research product is subject to the policies and procedures of the organization that produces it.
The compensation of the analyst(s) who prepared this report is determined exclusively by research management
and senior management (not including investment banking). Analyst compensation is not based on investment
banking, sales and trading or principal trading revenues, however, compensation may relate to the revenues of
UBS Group as a whole, of which investment banking, sales and trading and principal trading are a part.

Tax treatment depends on the individual circumstances and may be subject to change in the future. UBS does
not provide legal or tax advice and makes no representations as to the tax treatment of assets or the investment
returns thereon both in general or with reference to specific client’s circumstances and needs. We are of neces-
sity unable to take into account the particular investment objectives, financial situation and needs of our individ-
ual clients and we would recommend that you take financial and/or tax advice as to the implications (including
tax) of investing in any of the products mentioned herein.

This material may not be reproduced or copies circulated without prior authority of UBS. Unless otherwise
agreed in writing UBS expressly prohibits the distribution and transfer of this material to third parties for any
reason. UBS accepts no liability whatsoever for any claims or lawsuits from any third parties arising from the use
or distribution of this material. This report is for distribution only under such circumstances as may be permitted
by applicable law. For information on the ways in which CIO manages conflicts and maintains independence of
its investment views and publication offering, and research and rating methodologies, please visit
www.ubs.com/research-methodology. Additional information on the relevant authors of this publication and
other CIO publication(s) referenced in this report; and copies of any past reports on this topic; are available upon
request from your client advisor.

Important Information About Sustainable Investing Strategies: Sustainable investing strategies aim to
consider and incorporate environmental, social and governance (ESG) factors into investment process and port-
folio construction. Strategies across geographies approach ESG analysis and incorporate the findings in a variety
of ways. Incorporating ESG factors or Sustainable Investing considerations may inhibit UBS’s ability to participate
in or to advise on certain investment opportunities that otherwise would be consistent with the Client’s invest-
ment objectives. The returns on a portfolio incorporating ESG factors or Sustainable Investing considerations
may be lower or higher than portfolios where ESG factors, exclusions, or other sustainability issues are not con-
sidered by UBS, and the investment opportunities available to such portfolios may differ.

 65

## Page 66

External Asset Managers / External Financial Consultants: In case this research or publication is provided
to an External Asset Manager or an External Financial Consultant, UBS expressly prohibits that it is redistributed
by the External Asset Manager or the External Financial Consultant and is made available to their clients and/or
third parties.

USA: Distributed to US persons only by UBS Financial Services Inc. or UBS Securities LLC, subsidiaries of UBS AG.
UBS Switzerland AG, UBS Europe SE, UBS Bank, S.A., UBS Brasil Administradora de Valores Mobiliarios Ltda, UBS
(Brasil) Corretora de Valores S.A., UBS Asesores Mexico, S.A. de C.V., UBS SuMi TRUST Wealth Management Co.,
Ltd., UBS Wealth Management Israel Ltd and UBS Menkul Degerler AS are affiliates of UBS AG. UBS Financial
Services Inc. accepts responsibility for the content of a report prepared by a non-US affiliate when it
distributes reports to US persons. All transactions by a US person in the securities mentioned in this
report should be effected through a US-registered broker dealer affiliated with UBS, and not through
a non-US affiliate. The contents of this report have not been and will not be approved by any securi-
ties or investment authority in the United States or elsewhere. UBS Financial Services Inc. is not acting
as a municipal advisor to any municipal entity or obligated person within the meaning of Section 15B
of the Securities Exchange Act (the “Municipal Advisor Rule”) and the opinions or views contained
herein are not intended to be, and do not constitute, advice within the meaning of the Municipal
Advisor Rule.

For country information, please visit ubs.com/cio-country-disclaimer-gr or ask your client advisor for the full
disclaimer.

Additional Disclaimer relevant to Credit Suisse Wealth Management
You receive this document in your capacity as a client of Credit Suisse Wealth Management. Your personal data
will be processed in accordance with the Credit Suisse privacy statement accessible at your domicile through the
official Credit Suisse website. In order to provide you with marketing materials concerning our products and
services, UBS Group AG and its subsidiaries may process your basic personal data (i.e. contact details such as
name, e­mail address) until you notify us that you no longer wish to receive them. You can optout from receiving
these materials at any time by informing your Relationship Manager.

Except as otherwise specified herein and/or depending on the local Credit Suisse entity from which you are
receiving this report, this report is distributed by UBS Switzerland AG, authorised and regulated by the Swiss
Financial Market Supervisory Authority (FINMA).

Version C/2025. CIO82652744
© UBS 2025. The key symbol and UBS are among the registered and unregistered trademarks of UBS. All rights
reserved.

66

## Page 67

## Page 68
